https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9lfjrb/frequently_asked_questions_and_information_thread/
	103 Posted byu/BitcoinXio Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom1 month ago FAQFrequently Asked Questions and Information Thread This FAQ and information thread serves to inform both new and existing users about common Bitcoin topics that readers coming to this Bitcoin subreddit may have. This is a living and breathing document, which will change over time. If you have suggestions on how to change it, please comment below or message the mods. What is /r/btc? The /r/btc reddit community was originally created as a community to discuss bitcoin. It quickly gained momentum in August 2015 when the bitcoin block size debate heightened. On the legacy /r/bitcoin subreddit it was discovered that moderators were heavily censoring discussions that were not inline with their own opinions. Once realized, the subreddit subscribers began to openly question the censorship which led to thousands of redditors being banned from the /r/bitcoin subreddit. A large number of redditors switched to other subreddits such as /r/bitcoin_uncensored and /r/btc. For a run-down on the history of censorship, please read A (brief and incomplete) history of censorship in /r/bitcoin by John Blocke and /r/Bitcoin Censorship, Revisted by John Blocke. As yet another example, /r/bitcoin censored 5,683 posts and comments just in the month of September 2017 alone. This shows the sheer magnitude of censorship that is happening, which continues to this day. Read a synopsis of /r/bitcoin to get the full story and a complete understanding of why people are so upset with /r/bitcoin's censorship. Further reading can be found here with a giant collection of information regarding these topics. Why is censorship bad for Bitcoin? As demonstrated above, censorship has become prevalent in almost all of the major Bitcoin communication channels. The impacts of censorship in Bitcoin are very real. "Censorship can really hinder a society if it is bad enough. Because media is such a large part of people’s lives today and it is the source of basically all information, if the information is not being given in full or truthfully then the society is left uneducated [...] Censorship is probably the number one way to lower people’s right to freedom of speech." By censoring certain topics and specific words, people in these Bitcoin communication channels are literally being brain washed into thinking a certain way, molding the reader in a way that they desire; this has a lasting impact especially on users who are new to Bitcoin. Censoring in Bitcoin is the direct opposite of what the spirit of Bitcoin is, and should be condemned anytime it occurs. Also, it's important to think critically and independently, and have an open mind. What is the goal of /r/btc? This subreddit is a diverse community dedicated to the success of bitcoin. /r/btc honors the spirit and nature of Bitcoin being a place for open and free discussion about Bitcoin without the interference of moderators. Subscribers at anytime can look at and review the public moderator logs. This subreddit does have rules as mandated by reddit that we must follow plus a couple of rules of our own. Make sure to read the /r/btc wiki for more information and resources about this subreddit which includes information such as the benefits of Bitcoin, how to get started with Bitcoin, and more. What is Bitcoin? Bitcoin is a digital currency, also called a virtual currency, which can be transacted for a low-cost nearly instantly from anywhere in the world. Bitcoin also powers the blockchain, which is a public immutable and decentralized global ledger. Unlike traditional currencies such as dollars, bitcoins are issued and managed without the need for any central authority whatsoever. There is no government, company, or bank in charge of Bitcoin. As such, it is more resistant to wild inflation and corrupt banks. With Bitcoin, you can be your own bank. Read the Bitcoin whitepaper to further understand the schematics of how Bitcoin works. What is Bitcoin Cash? Bitcoin Cash (ticker symbol: BCH) is an updated version of Bitcoin which solves the scaling problems that have been plaguing Bitcoin Core (ticker symbol: BTC) for years. Bitcoin (BCH) is just a continuation of the Bitcoin project that allows for bigger blocks which will give way to more growth and adoption. You can read more about Bitcoin on BitcoinCash.org or read What is Bitcoin Cash for additional details. How do I buy Bitcoin? You can buy Bitcoin on an exchange or with a brokerage. If you're looking to buy, you can buy Bitcoin with your credit card to get started quickly and safely. There are several others places to buy Bitcoin too; please check the sidebar under brokers, exchanges, and trading for other go-to service providers to begin buying and trading Bitcoin. Make sure to do your homework first before choosing an exchange to ensure you are choosing the right one for you. How do I store my Bitcoin securely? After the initial step of buying your first Bitcoin, you will need a Bitcoin wallet to secure your Bitcoin. Knowing which Bitcoin wallet to choose is the second most important step in becoming a Bitcoin user. Since you are investing funds into Bitcoin, choosing the right Bitcoin wallet for you is a critical step that shouldn’t be taken lightly. Use this guide to help you choose the right wallet for you. Check the sidebar under Bitcoin wallets to get started and find a wallet that you can store your Bitcoin in. Why is my transaction taking so long to process? Bitcoin transactions typically confirm in ~10 minutes. A confirmation means that the Bitcoin transaction has been verified by the network through the process known as mining. Once a transaction is confirmed, it cannot be reversed or double spent. Transactions are included in blocks. If you have sent out a Bitcoin transaction and it’s delayed, chances are the fee you used wasn’t enough to out-compete others causing it to be backlogged. The transaction won’t confirm until it clears the backlog. This typically occurs when using the Bitcoin Core (BTC) blockchain due to poor central planning. If you are using Bitcoin (BCH), you shouldn't encounter these problems as the block limits have been raised to accommodate a massive amount of volume freeing up space and lowering transaction costs. Why does my transaction cost so much, I thought Bitcoin was supposed to be cheap? As described above, transaction fees have spiked on the Bitcoin Core (BTC) blockchain mainly due to a limit on transaction space. This has created what is called a fee market, which has primarily been a premature artificially induced price increase on transaction fees due to the limited amount of block space available (supply vs. demand). The original plan was for fees to help secure the network when the block reward decreased and eventually stopped, but the plan was not to reach that point until some time in the future, around the year 2140. This original plan was restored with Bitcoin (BCH) where fees are typically less than a single penny per transaction. What is the block size limit? The original Bitcoin client didn’t have a block size cap, however was limited to 32MB due to the Bitcoin protocol message size constraint. However, in July 2010 Bitcoin’s creator Satoshi Nakamoto introduced a temporary 1MB limit as an anti-DDoS measure. The temporary measure from Satoshi Nakamoto was made clear three months later when Satoshi said the block size limit can be increased again by phasing it in when it’s needed (when the demand arises). When introducing Bitcoin on the cryptography mailing list in 2008, Satoshi said that scaling to Visa levels “would probably not seem like a big deal.” What is the block size debate all about anyways? The block size debate boils down to different sets of users who are trying to come to consensus on the best way to scale Bitcoin for growth and success. Scaling Bitcoin has actually been a topic of discussion since Bitcoin was first released in 2008; for example you can read how Satoshi Nakamoto was asked about scaling here and how he thought at the time it would be addressed. Fortunately Bitcoin has seen tremendous growth and by the year 2013, scaling Bitcoin had became a hot topic. For a run down on the history of scaling and how we got to where we are today, see the Block size limit debate history lesson post. What is a hard fork? A hard fork is when a block is broadcast under a new and different set of protocol rules which is accepted by nodes that have upgraded to support the new protocol. In this case, Bitcoin diverges from a single blockchain to two separate blockchains (a majority chain and a minority chain). What is a soft fork? A soft fork is when a block is broadcast under a new and different set of protocol rules, but the difference is that nodes don’t realize the rules have changed, and continue to accept blocks created by the newer nodes. Some argue that soft forks are bad because they trick old-unupdated nodes into believing transactions are valid, when they may not actually be valid. This can also be defined as coercion, as explained by Vitalik Buterin. Doesn't it hurt decentralization if we increase the block size? Some argue that by lifting the limit on transaction space, that the cost of validating transactions on individual nodes will increase to the point where people will not be able to run nodes individually, giving way to centralization. This is a false dilemma because at this time there is no proven metric to quantify decentralization; although it has been shown that the current level of decentralization will remain with or without a block size increase. It's a logical fallacy to believe that decentralization only exists when you have people all over the world running full nodes. The reality is that only people with the income to sustain running a full node (even at 1MB) will be doing it. So whether it's 1MB, 2MB, or 32MB, the costs of doing business is negligible for the people who can already do it. If the block size limit is removed, this will also allow for more users worldwide to use and transact introducing the likelihood of having more individual node operators. Decentralization is not a metric, it's a tool or direction. This is a good video describing the direction of how decentralization should look. Additionally, the effects of increasing the block capacity beyond 1MB has been studied with results showing that up to 4MB is safe and will not hurt decentralization (Cornell paper, PDF). Other papers also show that no block size limit is safe (Peter Rizun, PDF). Lastly, through an informal survey among all top Bitcoin miners, many agreed that a block size increase between 2-4MB is acceptable. What now? Bitcoin is a fluid ever changing system. If you want to keep up with Bitcoin, we suggest that you subscribe to /r/btc and stay in the loop here, as well as other places to get a healthy dose of perspective from different sources. Also, check the sidebar for additional resources. Have more questions? Submit a post and ask your peers for help! 31 Comments Share Save 93% Upvoted
1	PsyRev_	9	Nice to see this up again! Here's further reading: https://derekmagill.com/bitcoin/ A collection of evidence: https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7mg4tm/updated_dec_2017_a_collection_of_evidence/ (Updated version with extra) https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/83vgdm/a_collection_of_evidence_regarding_bitcoins/ Reply share report
2	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 5	Been super busy and haven’t had a chance to re-add it until now. The previous version had really old info, so I updated it some but needs some more good stuff. I’ll review your links and see if I can fit them in. Thanks! Reply share report
3	zcc0nonA	3	Can we please add a daily discussion post? (if needed we can add this to the sidebar or add more mods who can have the responsibility of only creating the daily discussion post) Reply share report
4	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 3	I honestly don’t see the value in a daily discussion thread unless there is really a big topic that is creating a lot of discussion where a mega thread might help. Reply share report
5	zcc0nonA	3	I honestly don’t see the value in a daily discussion thread Can we ask the community? Most other 'big' crypto subs have them and the ability to just shoot the shit regarding the days events is fun and helpful to me as a community member, user, and follower of the news. Reply share report
6	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 2	You’re more than welcome to poll the community. :)) Reply share report
7	zcc0nonA	2	It would be so much more offficial and real coming from a mod Reply share report
1	notgivingawaycrypto	Redditor for less than 60 days 8	Well, this is a mostly classy and well directed FAQ, much better than the old one I think. A few things could still be ironed out (do you really need to add "Core" to BTC? Who is that actually helping?), but still, a good place to start. PS: Hi, reader! You new to bitcoin? Friendly advise: don't daytrade. Almost everything else should be worth trying.  Reply share report
1	8w2e5s6h8r6a5n9e0a3s	3	Bitcoin Cash is true and updated Bitcoin! Reply share report
1	CardAri	3	Is this thread pro BCH and against BTC? Reply share report
2	tuyguy	1	This sub is pro BCH. The BCH community calls BCH Bitcoin because they believe it is the true Nakamoto vision. They believe BTC is slow and corrupt. Reply share report
1	FormalWeather	2	ya oo Reply share report
1	RobFromSaturn	2	I've been trying to get bitcoin for awhile, i've read lots, probably know far more than i need to. But one thing eludes me- the whole idea is to be able to buy/spend bitcoin in a way that's secure and untraceable. But everyone demands that they get to know every little detail about you, sometimes they go as far as last 4 of social security number (and the other numbers can often be guessed with other info about you) and even a copy of your photo id! What, really? What is the point then? Or maybe i am missing it- is there a way to buy bitcoin without having to divulge every little detail about yourself? I see on paxful its easy to buy, but each person can make their own rules about what info you have to tell them. So, for example, if you are using paypal, what is the point? I'm sure i must be missing something here- in this case, doesn't paypal function as insurance- if one person doesn't get what they paid for, they can file a dispute, or does it not work like that? Why the need to tell them everything about you? You have to trust yet one more stranger with your data. They may be perfectly respectable today, but tomorrow, who knows what they'll do with it. Thanks! Reply share report
2	braclayrab	2	· edited 25 days ago That's just your local KYC law(worse post-2018 in the US). If you want to buy bitcoin anonymously, try an OTC dealer or localbitcoins.com.  SPEZ. LOCALBITCOINS NOW REQUIRES ID, DO NOT RECOMMEND. SORRY. Reply share report
3	RobFromSaturn	1	I was looking at localbitcoins, but everyone i could find wanted photo id and/or lots of other private info that i'm not giving out just to buy something online- i can use cash if i want to tell everyone my life's story. Probably they are protecting themselves by requiring id and personal info, i can't find anything that mentions that part. But i don't know how that will help since fake id is so easy to get.. Thanks for commenting. Reply share report
4	braclayrab	3	Sorry, localbitcoins isn't what it used to be. I shouldn't have recommended it. Reply share report
5	RobFromSaturn	1	Thanks for saying- i kept hearing from people that localbitcoins was the place to get it, and some people were even getting nasty when i said what i said here, like i was on a mis info campaign.. I can only guess why everyone insists on ID for buyers of a currency that was designed to use incognito. Reply share report
6	PsyRev_	1	The people getting nasty may have been astroturfing accounts by LE. They've been using localbitcoins as a honeypot for a little while, and have incentive to keep it popular. Where was this? Reply share report
6	julianbabel	1	You can use mycelium Android app and buy in person with their "local trader" option. But fyi Bitcoin is not fungible and not incognito. Reply share report
2	RobFromSaturn	1	I don't get it- every place that lets you buy bitcoin pretends at every step of buying that this is the last step and you'll be able to buy bitcoin, but they keep asking for more and more personal info. Then, after you've already wasted plenty of time, they spring it on you- what is the last four of your SSN? Or, what is your address? Or, click here to upload a photo of your ID. But then, when i come to a place, like reddit, to ask and try to understand what the hell, either people act snobbish and tell me to rtfm or something, as if something is my fault, or noone will answer. I don't get what the point of bitcoin is, it seems like an overhyped cash cow. And then, as it turns out, i'd like to buy something online, but the seller only accepts bitcoin, which was supposedly going to be a way to make payments without having big, fat, greedy corps or gov't tracking everything little you do, like mamma and pappa wanting to keep an eye on the kids for their own good. I thought i found the best way- bitcoin atms. They seemed to be able to buy/sell without having to know every little thing about you that;s none of their gat damn beewax, but from reading, people are saying that the machines need to take a photo of your id. My guess is if you know what you're doing, you can be anonymous just fine, but that people would prefer to not spread that info for whatever reason. Cash is less tracked than bitcoin, maybe i'll just stay with that, it's not worth all of this time. Reply share report
3	Ilivedtherethrowaway	1	If you legit want anonymity when purchasing bitcoin, the best option would be something like localbitcoin where you can buy from people directly instead of using an exchange. This could mean you pay cash and have 0 connection tracing you to that bitcoin other than CCTV footage of you handing someone cash.  If you setup your wallets via VPN and never purchase bitcoin from your bank account or credit card you can remain anonymous.  Bitcoin is not the most private coin, there are other cryptos out there that may suit you better such as Monero. Reply share report
4	RobFromSaturn	1	I'm not sure if i'm legit or not, i just want to buy something that the seller only accepts bitcoin for (or a few other payment types that log all sorts of personal info that's none of their business). VPN is no problem, but i don't need it to be that untraceable, i just don't want strange marketers and gov't people tracking every little thing i do, i just thought that was part of the point. I'll look at some of the others as well, thanks for the suggestions. Reply share report
1	jaqk-	1	Have not been paying attention for a while - is there a summary anywhere that someone can point me to to help me understand the upcoming fork? Reply share report
1	HoryouMedia	1	Thanks for the info, I searched for it. May we ask more questions on this thread? Reply share report
1	TotesMessenger	1	I'm a bot, bleep, bloop. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit: [/r/u_brute_force_team] Ask  If you follow any of the above links, please respect the rules of reddit and don't vote in the other threads. (Info / ^Contact) Reply share report
1	pcre	Redditor for less than 30 days 1	Maybe you could add this question to the FAQ.  Why again dont you guys use monero? I dont get it - why did you fork bitcoin? Reply share report
2	PsyRev_	0	I know what you're up to. Reply share report
1	CraigRite	1	"Look, I'm sorry Roger that Satoshi put in a 1 megabyte block limit. At the time Satoshi put in a one megabyte block limit he kind of assumed that it would be simple to just make it bigger in the future. The reality of the situation was that when the Bitcoin Core Developers did their research and they initially thought about going to a bigger block, they realized that there is no way that was going to happen: You can't force people to update their node and they knew that the community was going to split. So they they made the safe, they made the smart decision, not to even try and what they had to do was find a better way to scale." Reply share report
1	LiteCoin_SODL	-1	Why is the sub named r/btc when it should really be r/bch ? Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vdwn2/overstockcom_ceo_calls_monetary_system_a_ponzi/
	154 Posted byu/Digitallifeworks 7 hours ago NewsOverstock.com CEO calls monetary system a "Ponzi scheme" - says people will turn to crypto when "when their own financial systems collapse"... globalcryptopress.com/2018/1... 21 Comments Share Save 94% Upvoted
1	maff1989	16	he's not wrong Reply share report
2	impossible_try	1	He's utterly wrong. The financial system cannot collapse, it's based on Proof of Violence. Will be impossible to settle Tax Debts using crypto. Reply share report
3	OvercompensatedMorty	2	How are you gonna pay tax debts when the financial system collapses? Reply share report
4	triplewitching2	1	That is easy, just buy lots of worthless No America bucks with your crypto, the same way the neo Confederates can get all the Confederate dollars they want, cause they don't sell for too much anymore. Although to be honest, any half way competent post fiscal apocalypse government would demand payment in crypto, once the fiat writing was on the wall... Reply share report
1	kingofthejaffacakes	10	Is this what it feels like to be a Mormon? Hoping for the end of days because that's when we'll have the rapture? Reply share report
2	AD1AD	3	Except that raptures never come but, on the scale of human existence, financial collapses happen all the time. Of course we can't be sure one will happen on a global scale, but it's certainly not comparable to someone waiting for a rapture. Reply share report
2	sixtynine_fourtwenty	Redditor for less than 90 days 1	that's exactly right just wait until Kalki/Odin et al./the Messiah/Jesus/Mahdi returns just wait until 2023 when Erdogan can access Turkey's Borium just wait until Trump builds the wall just wait until Modi makes India a superpower just wait until LN is implemented just wait until FIAT collapses Reply share report
1	randomqhacker	2	Someone is a fan of Mr. Robot... Reply share report
1	mogray5	4	After seeing minimal uptake by Venezuela when their Fiat collapsed I'm not so sure. Reply share report
2	cbeast	6	You don't know it's minimal. Electricity use is restricted which limits mining, and trading is illegal. So nobody is going to advertise their activities. Reply share report
3	YamsAreSweetPotatoes	0	So when our financial systems collapse, we'll still have access to electricity and internet? It seems shortsighted to believe that our major infrastructures will be intact but strictly the financial system will collapse. Reply share report
4	cbeast	1	This is about Venezuela. What are you talking about? Reply share report
5	YamsAreSweetPotatoes	0	I’m saying Venezuelan rules apply anywhere. If your financial system is collapsing, the chances of your internet and electricity access being restricted is high. Your crypto could be inaccessible and useless. Unless the point of your argument is that btc or bch or whatever coin you use is a store of value rather than useful for paying for every day goods. Reply share report
2	further_needing	2	Wow, it's almost like their totalitarian government has placed large obstacles in the way of crypto.... or something Reply share report
1	lightrider44	2	Please investigate a resource based economy. Reply share report
2	sixtynine_fourtwenty	Redditor for less than 90 days 2	won't that just inflate the costs of the backing resources? that's why the gold standard worked, gold production was already as high as people could go, so unless someone figured out a way to create gold out of thin air or discovered monstrous, easily exploitable gold deposits, the price was going to stay constant Reply share report
1	zefy_zef	1	Not surprising coming from them. One of the first businesses to really support crypto. Reply share report
1	ya__blew__It	1	They will turn to crypto, precious metals, guns, ammo, land, and whiskey. Reply share report
1	bobbybitcoins	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	Pity he's not a BCH supporter. He's been doing good work with Ravencoin. Reply share report
1	whalecheetah	Redditor for less than 60 days 0	Eh. It really depends on what we're talking about for a collapse. The US dollar is connected to absolutely everything. It's basically Bitcoin for the Fiat world. If that collapses we have a lot bigger problems. Now if he's talking about all the little shit currencies. Yes. Proof of that is happening in Venezuela right now. I mean he's not wrong about it being a Ponzi scheme but you can say that about practically every other monetary system since the dawn of time. World growth relies on more people and really. If we get down to it. Growth in the value of Bitcoin relies on more adoption and more people wanting to own one Reply share report
2	triplewitching2	1	It depends on how it collapses. If the dollar flash crashed to 0, then we are boned, but if its the 1970's, with 10 % inflation, there will be plenty of time for an orderly exit of the Fiat Matrix :) Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vcn8l/jihan_meets_with_the_winklevoss_brothers/
	144 Posted byu/punta2020 10 hours ago Jihan meets with the Winklevoss brothers pbs.twimg.com/media/... 60 Comments Share Save 90% Upvoted
1	fullspeedornothing-	199	Which one is Jihan? Reply share report
2	clone4501	10	He's the really rich one. Reply share report
2	H0dl	17	lol Reply share report
2	SukiKrieg	16	You win the internet today...... I haven't laughed this hard in a week. Reply share report
2	moleccc	15	rofl had to click upvote 3 times Reply share report
3	XYZDav	3	me too loooolllll Reply share report
2	freedombit	8	Conspiracy Question: Did them mean to create the "M" shape? In front of the "M"? What could it mean? Money? lol Reply share report
3	justgimmieaname	9	illuMinati :-O Reply share report
3	rattie_ok	3	Monero ;) Reply share report
4	freedombit	1	touché Reply share report
2	scandlehead	1	I think that's the thing on the pedestal, by the TV Reply share report
2	masterD3v	1	take the upvote. Reply share report
2	cryptopoes	0	The leeeeeetle one Reply share report
1	melllllll	42	TIL height is inversely proportional to power Reply share report
2	Zyoman	19	Winklevoss brothers own at least 1% of all BTC and BCH... don't under-estimate those guy. Reply share report
3	melllllll	17	Jihan owns Bitmain which owns over 5% of BCH in circulation and possibly indirectly controls a majority of BTC/BCH hash power... It's not that I don't respect the Winklevoss power :) Reply share report
4	Zyoman	18	Its good to have big playes in the same ball park with some common goal. Jihan Winklevoss Roger Too bad CSW went crazy mad for a stupid opcode! Reply share report
5	canonicalensemble	20	CSW was always mad, opcode is just an excuse. Reply share report
6	Zyoman	4	he went for max to crazy mad then? I must say when I first saw this guy online, I had kind of a fealing "this guy is confident with a lot of attitude he must be very confident". Now my guess is that I've got fooled by the emperor new clothes. I've already been in favor of technical reason anyway than trash talk! Reply share report
5	rdar1999	3	Too bad CSW went crazy mad for a stupid opcode! What? I'm so happy that this guy will be out of BCH community !! Reply share report
5	ADintheA	3	Common goal being....money? Yes they have a common goal Reply share report
5	melllllll	2	I remember they went post-fork BTC, but now they're adding BCH to Gemini... You'd put Winklevoss in the same ballpark? Reply share report
6	Zyoman	10	Winklevoss didn't believe in BCH for sure from an ideology stand point. They are businessman. Their customer asked for BCH... they add it. Now they are in talk with Jihan... I don't see how this can turn bad for BCH. I think they will hold position in both coin... something I'm not against at all. Let's be serious, the BTC ecosystem is still much larger than BCH. Think about all projects and services that don't work with BCH right now. Reply share report
3	nolo_me	1	On the other hand they always look massively constipated. Not sure I'd take that trade. Reply share report
4	Zyoman	1	Like it or not we need those regulated legal company that deals with banks and gov so people can buy and sell bitcoin. Reply share report
2	YouCanWhat	Redditor for less than 30 days 14	Hitler, 5′ 9″ Winston Churchill 5′ 6″ Stalin 5 ′ 5″ Hmmmmmmm. Maybe. Reply share report
3	SukiKrieg	3	Benito Juarez Reply share report
3	SpaceDuckTech	2	dont forget Napoleon. Reply share report
4	YouCanWhat	Redditor for less than 30 days 1	5′ 6″ So about the same as Churchill. Reply share report
3	rdar1999	1	5'11'' is what in the mass murder scale? Reply share report
4	YouCanWhat	Redditor for less than 30 days 3	That only gets you a Woodrow Wilson from WW1. Reply share report
5	rdar1999	1	lol, oh shit TIL google Mussolini's height Reply share report
3	animal_crackers	1	The Scientology guy is like 5'4" Reply share report
3	CUonQwithBits	1	chapo ... Reply share report
3	MattAbrams	1	If you're using these examples, then not "maybe," but definitely. Stalin was much more powerful than Hitler, having murdered more people than anyone in the history of the world. Hitler doesn't even come close to him in terms of barbarity. Reply share report
4	YouCanWhat	Redditor for less than 30 days 0	What about Mao Zedong? Reply share report
2	unitedstatian	3	They own billion of dollar in BTC... Reply share report
1	maff1989	21	They're tall as fuck compared to him Reply share report
1	mindcandy	8	"I'm 6'5'' 220 and there's two of me" Reply share report
2	barnz3000	3	Thanks for clearing that up. They are giants. Jihan isn't a gnome. Reply share report
1	zcc0nonA	6	I wonder what they talked about Reply share report
1	SwedishSalsa	10	The new "Twins" remake looks promising. Reply share report
2	democracy101	1	Love you this. Reply share report
1	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 5	Love it. Haha Reply share report
1	295DVRKSS	5	They row for Harvard Reply share report
1	chainxor	13	· edited 8 hours ago Holy shit. If Jihan gets Winklevoss' Gemini onboard for BCH (ABC/BU) mining, SV will have a really hard time pretty much permanently. Also, looking at the futures prices on Polo already for ABC and SV, there is no doubt where the economic incentiviced miner will go (yes, it will be ABC). Reply share report
2	linuxkernelhacker	5	"Good luck Craig! HA HA HA HA" Reply share report
2	impossible_try	1	Was clear from the very beginning. Occasionally, Calvin's poor character traits got pointed out. Craig even superseeds him in that area. Reply share report
1	tralxz	4	Meanwhile CSW is desperately crying in calvin's london house. Reply share report
1	BitcoinFry	3	· edited 8 hours ago I somehow do belive the recent price increase has been caused by the Winklevoss Twins secretly buying into BCH. Just like in Bitcoin's early days when they suddenly announced they own one percent of all Bitcoin. I consider them to be not tech-savvy enough to have early on fully understood the difficulties and problems with offchain scaling. Thats why they chose the wrong side of the scaling debate. But they also didn't take a strong stance for small blocks because they are aware they are no crypto experts. This makes it easier for them to now change their opinion given that there is still no working offchain scaling solution. In contrast to those on the Bitcoin-Core side who consider themselves to be expert (of whatever) that cannot admit to themselves that they are/were wrong. Reply share report
2	Churn	2	Exactly. “By using the truth, facts, and reason you can convince someone that they are wrong. Unless they are an expert.” Reply share report
1	Adrian-X	1	someone get a footstool. Reply share report
1	H0dl	0	if you want F, F your mother! Reply share report
1	LuxuriousThrowAway	1	I love this picture but fire the lighting guy Reply share report
1	stos313	-1	I have nothing against the twins, but why is it every time I see their pic I think they are just so punchable Reply share report
2	zcc0nonA	4	most people have a subtle dislike for people for sucessful and attractive than hey are Reply share report
3	stos313	3	Naw, it’s not that. They just have a very punchable face Reply share report
1	Raineko	0	The two brothers look so weird, they look like wax figures or something. Reply share report
1	l33tdude	0	Just going to leave this here Reply share report
1	tommad2000	-1	just the tip Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/comments/9ofans/lets_talk_ai_join_ceo_diane_greene_and_google/?instanceId=t3_q%3DCgADBuEr9_yseU8KAAUeyAk72wBn6wgABwAAAAEKAAwG4Sv4NCrl_wA%3D%26s%3DUlbuUMb-qEED2VgbywJXNFUe0iAm6ohfRa2wRPrFfhg%3D
	212 PROMOTED•u/GoogleCloudOfficial 24 days agofromcloudonair.withgoogle.com Let's Talk AI: join CEO Diane Greene and Google Cloud experts on November 14. Explore how organizations are preparing their data for an AI-first future, embedding AI in every application, and taking advantage of innovative tools that make AI easier and more accessible for everyone. Register now! cloudonair.withgoogle.com Comment Share Save 50% Upvoted


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9v9srj/roger_ver_admits_he_has_been_fooled_by_craig/
	387 Posted byu/Kain_niaK 15 hours ago Roger Ver admits he has been fooled by Craig Wright. Thank you Roger. Finally!!!! youtu.be/rFU1o-... 376 Comments Share Save 82% Upvoted
1	LovelyDay	120	Thank you Roger. I know you were trying to be neutral on Craig for the longest time - a lot of us were trying to give him more chances than he turned out to deserve. Exposing his toxic letter threatening all of BCH is the right move. We don't need his satoshis to keep up trade on the chain, and we don't need to see any proof of dead Satoshi from him either. Reply share report
2	xd1gital	34	Same here! I would stay away this kind of toxic individual no matter what he could bring on the table. Currently, I have no preference in term of which road is the best (IMO, both protocol changes are not so much significant to worry about). So I will choose the side that I know down the road it's willing to accept a compromise. Reply share report
2	BTC_StKN	Redditor for less than 6 months 25	It was hard to wait so long, but Roger and others wanted to wait until the last minute in case a political / common sense resolution was possible. Reply share report
3	DoctorPepe234	6	Not sure I buy that. CSW was an obvious fraud right from the start. Reply share report
3	horsebadlydrawn	Redditor for less than 60 days 5	His announcement was well-timed. Reply share report
2	BewareTheChainSplit	15	I, for one, really appreciate Roger remaining neutral. He knows the clout he has as a leader in this community. He did the right thing by letting us figure it out on our own. Or maybe we helped him figure it out. Anyway, it was a wise move on his part. Respect+1 Reply share report
2	Spartan3123	1	I think the existence of Csw proofs Satoshi is dead otherwise he would have signed a msg saying Csw is a scammer :( He could have lost/thrown his coins Reply share report
1	chriswilmer	29	Super video. Thanks for making it. Inspirational!! Reply share report
1	BrannonMaul	40	Thank you, Roger. Professional as ever. On the other hand, Dr. Jekyll Wright has finally lost it. I hope he gets better. Reply share report
2	cm18	13	I hope he gets better. There's no cure for psychopathy. Reply share report
3	cryptomatt	2	Meds and therapy can help 😬 Reply share report
4	zefy_zef	4	Yeah, not if you don't acknowledge the problem first, lol. So yeah, no. Reply share report
4	horsebadlydrawn	Redditor for less than 60 days 2	He'll been fine, raging at nobody in a nice rubber room. Reply share report
1	lugaxker	61	Craig is fucking crazy. Reply share report
2	010010001100011010	2	Crazy brilliant. I support CSW. I support SN. Reply share report
2	Adrian-X	5	I think that is a bit of an understatement. But there is an underlying reality and I'm not convinced we all can see what it is. Reply share report
3	moleccc	5	But there is an underlying reality and I'm not convinced we all can see what it is. I'm pretty sure we're not seeing the whole picture. However, this is not something we can really act upon... such an atempt would just be driven by emotion (fear, hope,...), because we don't know what it really is. Reply share report
4	SoundSalad	1	Any guess as to what's really going on? Roger must have done something significant that was wrong in the eyes of CSW? Reply share report
5	freedombit	2	According to CSW, he trusted CSW too much. Reply share report
3	tjmac	1	What do you mean? Reply share report
3	juansgalt	1	Yeah the reality is how naive people were who believed CSW. It's ok. we are all naive about things sometimes. The evidence against him was dead clear when he failed to prove his cryptographic keys years ago. As far as I've been concerned anyway. Perhaps that's the lesson here, there's a reason we use crypto .. in crypto.  Reply share report
1	mtrycz	38	I too had entertained the idea that Wright could be Satoshi. And also, either he was Satoshi or not, that he could have a positive contribution to Bitcoin. Then he came out with the patents idea. I got doubts but didn't readily stand against it/him. Then he changed the roadmap (they did support CTOR in may), and burned all the bridges and shat on a lot of people. Censorship, statism, patents and shills. We all really should have seen through earlier. Anyway, keep on doing the god's work. Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	6	I did. /u/contrarian__ he did as well. And many more. Finally all the thought leaders are listening. Reply share report
3	sbjf	2	I gave up arguing with pro-CSW people on this subreddit 9 months ago (while uncovering /u/geekmonk) and pretty much never visited again until recently. I'm glad public opinion has finally turned around. Reply share report
2	moleccc	7	I too had entertained the idea that Wright could be Satoshi. Here's a different idea: Craig is not Satoshi. Then there remains the question how he was able to (apparently) produce a signature in front of Gavin Andresens (and others eyes) matching the public key used for the genesis block reward. Here's the wild part: the CIA (or whoever) managed to slip in a backdoor into libsecp256k1 and that implementation was used to check the signature in front of Gavins eyes. It was a specially crafted signature that would pass when checked using libsecp256k1 through the backdoor but wouldn't using another (correct) implementation. So they didn't really need the keys. The CIA (or whoever) enabled Craig to do this. I've actually dug up some old threads from when libsecp256k1 was introduced and there was some cautionary questions about introducing new code at the heart of bitcoin. Gregory Maxwell, Peter Wuille and some other guy were quick to dampen any waves, pointing out that there was loads of tests and good documentation with libsecp256k1 and that it was definitely better then the openssl implementation used before. Didn't convince me, but due to lack of understanding I'm unable to check libsecp256k1 for a backdoor. Reply share report
3	greeneyedguru	6	Then there remains the question how he was able to (apparently) produce a signature in front of Gavin Andresens (and others eyes) matching the public key used for the genesis block reward. He used a compromised laptop that was provided by CSW Reply share report
3	freedombit	5	Thanks for sharing. Would be great if you could put together a write up with bunch of links from your research on this, with libsecp256k1 is in the title. Reply share report
4	moleccc	3	thought about making a post,... Reply share report
3	zefy_zef	1	· edited 6 hours ago libsecp256k1 Also, let's all not forget that this is what ultimately ousted Gavin. This all just adds more weight and credence behind the forced overthrow of reason. We all know, it just fucking sucks. I wish Gav was part of the structure, but I'm still glad he's in the space still. e: Even more, this is probably the point where Max and co. saw there needed to be action: That may be what has to happen with the block size, frankly. I may just have to throw my weight around and say, 'This is the way it's going to be. And if you don't like it, find another project.' -Gavin Andresen Reply share report
1	Kain_niaK	79	Thank you /u/MemoryDealers I have been waiting for this moment for about 6 months now. Asked you so many times to speak out against CSW over and over again. Thank you for your honesty and guts. Now we will have to wait and see how strong Satoshi his incentives are, the REAL Satoshi this time. Not Mr Wanker. Reply share report
2	shadowrun456	-17	
1	BumDumTis	69	CSW rekt. Why anyone would follow this lunatic is beyond me Reply share report
2	ImRichBCH	New Redditor 14	Ask u/nullc, Greg just sent a "letter of support" to CSW.  What fucking idiots. Reply share report
3	ThudnerChunky	-2	lol. Roger and Jihan have been actively promoting CSW for ages, while Gmax and every other sane person have been publicly calling him a fraud. Reply share report
2	CityBusDriverBitcoin	3	Mostly for the drama Reply share report
1	chainxor	49	Wow, that email from CSW made my stomach turn. That is the wording of a psychopat. Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	37	https://i.imgur.com/qwhCgBn.jpg Reply share report
3	Anen-o-me	35	Nothing in that makes any sense. CSW is a psychopath. Reply share report
3	insanityzwolf	22	This is what is known as a Narcissist's Extinction Burst. Reply share report
4	zefy_zef	2	I was going to say, even he should be smart enough to not do this. It looks like another person, but maybe that was the point. So he could just be like 'o, I got hacked lmao' when it comes out, but still say what he actually feels. Reply share report
3	gulfbitcoin	10	I AM Satoshi Pretty damning evidence against all the CSW apologists that said he never explicitly said he was Satoshi and that he was the victim of circumstance. Reply share report
3	cbuchner1	10	whooa. Reply share report
3	knight222	6	What a lunatic. Reply share report
3	xoxoleah	4	hahahaha this is so funny Reply share report
3	TheRealMotherOfOP	3	LMAO Reply share report
2	moleccc	11	That is the wording of a psychopat. This kind of reaction reminds me of a a child being pushed into a corner and knowing no other way out than irrational anger and aggression. Reply share report
2	Ant-n	5	Not a one time thing.. https://reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9uxpy2/a_writing_style_comparaison_between_csw_and/ Reply share report
2	CityBusDriverBitcoin	6	Let's see if CSW is all bark and no bite ! Reply share report
3	chainxor	7	Definitely a lot of bark. Reply share report
2	cryptomatt	1	Pretty sure Trump would have no problem sending that email lol Reply share report
3	chainxor	1	True :-D Reply share report
1	Dieoffury	20	Good, love seeing this. Many were fooled, including me. Luckily, lies collapse eventually. Reply share report
1	grmpfpff	20	Omg that mail from csw... Handing out threats like candies on Halloween. Reply share report
1	todu	20	Thank you Roger for changing your mind and speaking out against the scammer and patent troll Craig Wright. Better late than never. There's practically 0 % probability that Craig Wright is Satoshi Nakamoto. Considering such a possibility is just a waste of time, money and energy. Craig Wright is just a scaringly successful conman. Calvin Ayre is playing good cop and Craig Wright is playing bad cop. They are still very much on the same team and very much hostile towards the Bitcoin invention and the BCH currency. Don't fall for their games. Ryan X. Charles is either fooled by them or he is knowingly complicit in their investment scam and patent trolling as well. I know I've been pressuring you to distance yourself from Craig Wright and his believers and to speak out against them publicly and in no uncertain terms. I'm very relieved that you finally chose to create and share this video. Keep your chin up, learn from your mistake of being quiet about Craig Wright for too long, and move on to the next challenge. Your heart and morals seem to be in the right place and that matters very much in the end. You seem to be able to realize your mistakes and change your mind accordingly for the better. Maybe try to work a little on improving your street smarts. Such people are the best people to have much influence over the BCH protocol rules. As it looks today it seems as if BCH will survive this Coingeek / Nchain / Calvin Ayre / Craig Wright BSV hostile takeover attempt at least this November 15 contentious protocol upgrade. Then we'll see whatever new existential threats may pop up at the next upgrade 6 months from now. At least so far the Bitcoin invention seems to be surviving in one form (BTC) or another (BCH) for a little bit over 10 years. I'm cautiously optimistic today. Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	8	Well spoken! /u/chaintip Reply share report
3	chaintip	3	u/todu, you've been sent 0.00341675 BCH| ~ 2.02 USD by u/Kain_niaK via chaintip. Reply share report
3	todu	3	Thank you! :). Reply share report
1	weedlawyer	10	Craig’s e-mail is hilarious. Reply share report
1	Kain_niaK	27	7 months ago I wrote this. He is a master con man, able to make competent people believe that he is actually more competent then them, just a bit deep and cryptic. He says vague stuff, or he uses the wrong language ... and the people that give him the benefit of the doubt start thinking about it: Maybe he means this, maybe he means that ... ah yes then it would make sense. And of course the more you belief he is Satoshi or was involved with the creation of Bitcoin the more you will think in this way. On the other side of the spectrum, why would I do an effort in to reading this con man's papers ... I have better things to do with my time! And so it's kind of an amplified DDOS attack on somebody's time. CSW makes other people do all his thinking and debating for him, so he can keep on conning. He is a master at the craft. All so the investors in nChain keep on investing. nChain then invests all over the BCH spectrum and then of course they have to invite CSW to all these conferences. That's why you will not hear Roger Ver say: "He is Satoshi" or "He is not Satoshi" but "Person A still believes he is Satoshi". It's always money. Always. I can ask Roger a thousand times to explain why he is doing business with CSW and nChain but he will never answer. The stakes are to high. Apparently in the BCH community there is use for a con man that has indeed fooled some people in to believe he is Satoshi. Then there are the Bitcoin Core hijackers who have proven to be quite effective at manipulation themselves. They love the fact that CSW is active in the BCH community and is such a controversial figure and probably do whatever they can to make CSW look as legitimate as possible on the sub here just so they can ridicule BCH later. The big problem for 99% of the user space is that we don't have all this knowledge so we are stuck with proxies. People that we trust that we have to believe. That's how so many of us got bamboozled by people like Greg Maxwell and others. We just could not understand all of it, and then it's easy to fool us. Keep fighting the good fight and never lose your integrity Vitalik. Like Pirate Rick said: When something is wrong, you speak up! And in crypto, well apparently being wright and wrong .... is sustainable ... Reply share report
2	hapticpilot	Redditor for less than 60 days 12	Something to consider: Accept these as premises: CSW is not Satoshi and was not part of any 'Team Satoshi'. This obviously, logically implies that Satoshi is someone else or some other group. Satoshi has control of private keys that are widely known to belong to Satoshi. As such Satoshi could thus transmit a message to the world with cryptographic proof that the message came from Satoshi. Now ask yourself: why hasn't Satoshi transmitted a helpful factual message stating that CSW is not Satoshi. Some possible explanations: Satoshi is dead. Satoshi is alive but imprisoned. Satoshi does not care about Bitcoin or the Bitcoin community. Satoshi is benefiting from people believing that CSW is Satoshi (it might take the focus of the real Satoshi) Satoshi does not believe that the cryptographic proof with be sufficient to make most people believe the message really did come from Satoshi. Or one or both of the premises are false. Reply share report
3	pdr77	4	Here's a few other possibilities: Satoshi feels he would risk exposure (or encourage more Satoshi hunts) by sending any such message Satoshi already burned the keys to his early bitcoins Satoshi has indeed "moved on to other things" Reply share report
4	zefy_zef	2	· edited 6 hours ago Satoshi is worth (@20k btc) $19.4b (at 5x that price he would be the 2nd richest person in the world) Satoshi wants to take a 'god' position (just watch) Satoshi is super humble If he still has access to his keys and the most optimistic predictions hold, he could be on his way to being the first Trillionaire. This would be enough for someone to sustain their anonymity for many years to come. But at the same time, he abhors wealth. So, weird. Reply share report
2	010010001100011010	1	TL;DR Reply share report
1	mrxsdcuqr7x284k6	9	CSW also promised proof of him being Satoshi, then ragequit and failed to deliver anything. Nobody should have taken him seriously after that. In the words of GWB: "fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me — you can't get fooled again."  Reply share report
1	frozen124	Redditor for less than 60 days 31	HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA What a fucking lunatic.... CSW is having a breakdown. Sociopathic fucktard. Reply share report
2	moleccc	4	Since I'm in Bitcoin, I don't have to watch any TV series any more. Bitcoin delivers all the drama, intrigue, convoluted twisty storyline, food for intellect, extravagant characters,... everything you'd want in a good movie. Reply share report
1	Fount4inhead	27	I was fooled too 😶 Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	29	Well thanks for admitting it. Welcome back to sanity! Reply share report
2	ImRichBCH	New Redditor 5	But CSW just seems like such a crazy idiot, can I ask how/why?  I member the first interview I saw and I thought, wow, what a great liar! But never for a second thought, wow, that guy that said he is Satoshi with no proof must be satoshi. Reply share report
3	Fount4inhead	3	Mainly due to him championing the need to scale bitcoin very strongly against core and being a supporter of bitcoin cash at the time. Reply share report
1	BCH-Withdrawal-Prob	24	Great video, the honesty is palpable Reply share report
1	man_slave	24	we told you so. Reply share report
2	cm18	8	Was warning r/btc from the beginning to keep this guy away from any positions of power as he would be a disruptive force. Reply share report
3	Spartan3123	3	If bch is decentralized there should be no position of power. Reply share report
1	lethos3	22	yeah, if you think its confusing Roger, its even worse for those of us on the outside, my gut says stay with ABC. Reply share report
1	groovymash	22	Thank you Roger for speaking out publicly. Weeks ago, it was not clear to me which path (ABC/SV) was better, or would gain the most market share. But, the tweets and emails of the past week have made it easier for the ecosystem to coalesce around one version. Thankfully, these events have happened before the fork date. There is still enough time for even more consolidation to happen. Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	10	Watch this video if you have any remaining doubt. Reply share report
3	CatatonicAdenosine	5	^ This. Reply share report
1	Eirenarch	18	The most stunning thing in this video is how the e-mail makes no sense on grammar level. Reply share report
2	Zyoman	20	It's really how CSW talks... check his twitter account. Saddly the email is probably genuine Reply share report
3	Eirenarch	22	And this has nothing to do with how Satoshi writes. Satoshi's posts are very clear and use proper English. Reply share report
4	moleccc	15	Satoshi also doesn't throw around threats of anihilation. He says things like "if you don't understand, sorry, I don't have time to explain", not "if you don't come in line, you will be anihilated" Reply share report
2	butcherofballyhoo	6	“On a grammatical level.” - Irony Reply share report
3	Eirenarch	7	I was wondering if this is the proper wording. In my defense English is not my native language. Funny thing I thought "grammatical" only feels right because it would be a literal translation from my native Bulgarian so I discarded it :) Reply share report
3	DavidMc0	1	Why is that ironic? What's wrong with the sentence? Edit: I missed that the quote in your comment was a suggested change, not the error itself. Grammatical is correct :) Reply share report
2	BewareTheChainSplit	5	I thought the "drinking problem" rumors about CSW were just slander, but the more I see his abusive, incoherent writings, the more I think it might be true. Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	3	My grammar is even worse ... Reply share report
3	Eirenarch	8	I checked your post history. Your grammar certainly isn't worse. This guy has like 50% grammar failure rate in his sentences. Reply share report
1	Leithm	5	Thanks for doing this Roger, economies need people to work together and you have done all you could not to get sucked into this. CSW is an areshole. Reply share report
1	unitedstatian	5	Prediction: there'll be no "hashwar". CSW is bluffing and nChain didn't produce any quality client anyway. Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	4	Instead there will be a 51% attack with support from BTC guys like slushpool. I give it 80% chance absolutely nothing happens. Calvin breaks with CSW and goingeek and BGM just mine ABC, SV pool goes away. And 20% we see a 51% attack attempt. Reply share report
1	n1nj4_v5_p1r4t3	20	Its very difficult for humans to admit they have been fooled Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	24	Yes. But now Roger makes it easier for everybody else here. The dam has broken. Reply share report
2	GhastlyParadox	12	Carl Sagan understood this well: “One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we’ve been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We’re no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle has captured us. It’s simply too painful to acknowledge, even to ourselves, that we’ve been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back.”    Reply share report
3	IWasABitcoinNoobToo	5	[...] even to ourselves [...] This is the particularly tricky part. It's easier to see this sort of thing in others than it is to see it in ourselves. Reply share report
1	rdar1999	11	/u/MemoryDealers there is zero possibility that craig is satoshi, even he having some important satoshi keys. He's so intellectually inferior he can't even write proper paraphrases of his plagiarized material in his "articles". If you didn't follow /u/Contrarian__ threads, you should. The plagiarism is blatant, verbatim. He changes some words here and there, because he doesn't know what he is talking about. This is a mark of low intelligence. There's zero chance this guy had any significant insight on the technicals of bitcoin. Hence, if he decides to display some proof for real, don't feel alarmed, it is a stolen key. Reply share report
1	NachoKong	18	So Craig Wright owns 1 million btc and bch and is prepared to burn bch to the ground over relatively minor block size disagreement yet he wasn’t willing to lift or flex a finger muscle on the original fork of bch? lmFao This guy is a terrible poker player. Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	27	He has no coins. He is not Satoshi. He had nothing to do with it. He just saw a void to fill because nobody had pretended to be Satoshi yet, so he went for it. Reply share report
3	NachoKong	6	In a profession named after confidence , I would say that CW boldness level is at fairly epic levels. Perhaps because many early bitcoiners are altruistic nerds - I say this endearingly - he thought he could pull it off. Reply share report
4	Kain_niaK	4	It's because we all have a weakness for mysticism. Craig is a mystic. Reply share report
5	logicisdedd	3	Curious if you could elaborate a bit on what you mean here Reply share report
3	Killit_Witfya	1	you say this like you know for sure. most of the evidence i've seen shows he was part of the origins of bitcoin and very likely has keys if not ALL the keys to the tulip trust. Reply share report
4	pdr77	4	There is zero evidence that CSW is Satoshi. However, there is mounting evidence that he could not possibly have been Satoshi. Reply share report
1	whistlepig33	19	· edited 11 hours ago I still think it is possible that Craig is or is a part of Satoshi. When I first read the white paper and discussed it here on reddit 10 years ago I also fell in love with the promise of the project, but also had a lot of skepticism. A good part of that went away as I developed more understanding of the project. But I always had a certain amount of suspicion about Satoshi. I can't place my finger on it, but I had always felt that his philosophical goals were different than the ones that I, Roger and many others had who crowded around the project in the early days. I recall hearing Craig state in an interview earlier this year that he felt the transparency of bitcoin was a good thing and that his ideal currency would make it possible to track all transactions in order to keep the "elite" from doing things in secret. (edit: which I think is a stupid unrealistic idea since we have proven it is impossible to force everyone to use only one currency) This is similar to the feeling I was getting from Satoshi back then. So that and the generally excessively academic and british way of talking still makes me think this is a possibility that Craig is or is a part of Satoshi. In fact, one of my original opinions was that the project could be a cleverly created front for a possible future traceable "world currency" that the elite have always been talking about wanting. But as time and my understanding increased I realized reality is more complicated than that and I saw the potential of open source as all the new projects like monero and zcash have been created. My point is that I never trusted Satoshi. I never put him on a pedestal. It is the dream of liberty that I believe in. Regardless of the intent of the original creator, cryptocurrency IS a powerful tool in the pursuit of liberty. And I'm all about using these tools regardless of where they came from. I usually stand back and not get riled up about things, but I think this is the time to get loud and emotional again! This is potentially as big and important as the August 2017 fork. Reply share report
2	alisj99	6	You've said what I wanted to say. Craig could be Satoshi, that would only change my opinion of Satoshi. Reply share report
2	pdr77	2	So, you've said that Satoshi might not be ultra-libertarian and CSW probably isn't either, therefore CSW might be Satoshi. That's the old "monkeys have hands, you have hands, therefore you're a monkey" fallacy. It doesn't make logical sense. CSW is *absolutely* not Satoshi. They are *nothing* alike in almost every way. There is as much evidence for him being Satoshi as there is for you being Satoshi: precisely nil. That said, whether or not he is Satoshi is still immaterial. He's a nasty person who says he wants to divide and harm the technology and the community and we as a community (with just a few remaining exceptions) when faced with the choice of bowing to his demands or him leaving us alone, have now chosen that we'd rather he went away. Reply share report
2	meetinnovatorsadrian	2	Thats a very thoughtful post Reply share report
2	democracy101	1	Best Post on the thread. Thanks! Reply share report
1	bitsteiner	4	But the memories never die ...https://blockboard.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/11/roger-ver-maybe-ive-been-fooled-by-craig-wright.jpg Reply share report
1	sqrt7744	4	CSW is one manipulative mofo. Seriously not cool. Takes advantage of honest people's naturally trusting nature. Reply share report
1	NachoKong	3	Can’t wait to see CW do absolutely NOTHING BJRGER with his supposed 1 million btc and bch AGAIN. His credibility will be irreparably ruined. The community has CALLED his All in bluff. Now the question is; will Calvin Ayre hire a hitman to take him out after being played the fool. I hope not. But I also wouldn’t be surprised. Reply share report
1	xk1ibur	3	I respect people who recognize their own mistakes. It is better to do it soon, but in any case "better late than never" Reply share report
1	30parts	3	Great video. People are free to do whatever they want with Bitcoin and that includes forking and splitting it as much as they want. I’m slightly leaning towards ABC but if there is a split I will just hold on to both coins. I don’t have to decide to keep just one. CSW on the other hand is a lunatic and the devs of SV who are just trying to make Bitcoin better don’t deserve him. Reply share report
1	spaceman77	3	· edited 13 hours ago Intellectuall/emotional honesty creates trust and value. Reply share report
1	CatatonicAdenosine	3	u/memorydealers, will the bitcoin.com faucet give out ABC coins? If so, could mixing these into your wallet be a safe and straightforward way for BCH users to split their coins? Reply share report
1	melllllll	3	CSW's email is not something a person would write if they were confident in the economics of their stance. Reply share report
1	wndrkd	3	There's only one thing we all have to say to CSW after the dust settles: "HAHAHAHAHA" Reply share report
1	democracy101	3	Thank you for your principles, Roger! Reply share report
1	bcloud71	3	So happy to see Roger is not stupid after all. Next, Money button's Ryan, you are not stupid either. Reply share report
1	QconSling3r	3	wow! That email from Psycho Craig was big time eye opening. Thank you Roger for be humble about misunderstanding someone. It take a real person to admit that. Cheers Reply share report
1	shower_optional	3	CSW is melting down right now, what a crazy person. Reply share report
1	Contrarian__	9	Better late than never, though I think it could be a little more forceful than you might have been fooled. Reply share report
2	Xtreme_Fapping_EE	2	WOW. Respekt brother. Reply share report
1	putin_vor	5	What Mr Wanker fails to understand is that as soon as the price gets close to zero, the coins will be bought up very fast, and in huge amounts. Doesn't matter if he has a million coins, if the price is even $0.1, all of that will be bought in minutes/hours. Reply share report
2	Papa_Ganda	Redditor for less than 6 months 5	I thought his threat was that he will mine empty blocks so that no transactions can take place. No transactions, no buying up coins. But his letter was written in 3rd grade English, so who knows. Reply share report
3	putin_vor	3	That would not drive price to zero. And it would require serious hashing power, which he doesn't have. Reply share report
4	Papa_Ganda	Redditor for less than 6 months 3	I doubt he has the hash power as well.... like I said, I am trying to interpret ramblings. But if he had 51%, and mined blocks with zero transactions for TWO years, and so nobody could take ownership of coins, who would buy them? And how would they be bought? All that could be sold are private keys or IOUs (on exchange). Reply share report
1	kvothe5688	2	Wow. Reply share report
1	LetMeCreateAUserName	Redditor for less than 60 days 2	let us now pay attention to people who thank roger for admitting it and then their past commentary defending CSW as "Satoshi" despite the mountains of evidence against it. Reply share report
1	dieyoung	2	I am out of the loop....anyone wanna give us all a rundown? Reply share report
2	jonas_h	9	CSW throws his psycho tantrum upon Roger. While CSW has got his friend Calvin Ayre with the big money to create BitcoinSV which is used to try to take control of BCH. They use the tried tactic of shills/trolls which are now spamming this subreddit like crazy. Reply share report
1	myquidproquo	2	Were you bamboozled?? Reply share report
1	getrich_or_diemining	Redditor for less than 60 days 2	less than a week till we get rid of the drunk fraud craig wright Reply share report
1	cryptos4pz	Redditor for less than 6 months 2	"If you want to drink some wine or some Jack Daniels or smoke some crack your life belongs to you." You got that Fkn right! Best quote of the video. Reply share report
1	hapticpilot	Redditor for less than 60 days 2	https://i.imgur.com/vPBNKfz.jpg Reply share report
1	moleccc	2	Great video and kudos for admitting... takes guts. I liked the toned-down voice. Reply share report
1	juansgalt	2	Finally! Sounds like good news. (I have not watched it yet, I will soon) Reply share report
1	BenIntrepid	Redditor for less than 6 months 2	What does the yellow and then white and green icons next to Kain niaks name mean? Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	3	Gold and platinum Reply share report
3	BenIntrepid	Redditor for less than 6 months 2	Cheers, what does that do? Reply share report
1	davef__	2	Gotta say Roger seems pretty sane and reasonable here. Reply share report
1	ericreid9	2	Anyone that can admit they were wrong, I certainly respect more. Reply share report
1	zeptochain	2	Sorry to factualize but didn't he say "maybe"? Is there no room for grayscales of opinion any more? Must we pick absolute sides all the time? Must each statement we make be categorized at the extreme of the presented view? What happened to nuance in thought? What happened to actual thinking using anything approaching a scientific worldview or clear logic? Must we join a mob to validate ourselves or our positions? SMH SMH SMH :-( Reply share report
2	gerikson	2	This is Reddit. Nuance of thought has no place here. Reply share report
3	zeptochain	2	I stand corrected, which makes me unable to speak. Reply share report
1	achillesthegeek020	2	good job roger. Reply share report
1	MegaPegasusReindeer	2	Uh.. that letter reads like someone who learned English as a second language. Is there confirmation that he actually wrote that? Reply share report
2	redog	4	In b4 CSW claims he was hacked again. Reply share report
1	SleepingKernel	Redditor for less than 60 days 6	Excellent video Roger, that part at 11:55 made me laugh. It is true. Alcohol is one of the worst drugs yet totally accepted by almost everybody. You're right about Craig Wright being toxic. He certainly is, nobody can deny that. Him refusing to speak directly with other developers he disagrees with is a problem. He really can't handle people. But his and your goals still do align on the most important point: you both want global, censorship-resistant money for all people no matter how wealthy they are. Even if Craig is pro-government and pro-laws everybody that are anti-government and pro-freedom will still reap the benefit of Bitcoin Cash. Obtaining financial freedom to use BCH for even illegal stuff is a desirable side effect. Making sure the system is still legal and can be used within the boundaries of country laws does no harm. Roger, you can still support ABC without splitting coins. It is not worth the risk of losing everything. Have you read this recent medium article by Craig Wright? https://medium.com/@craig_10243/bitcoin-is-all-about-incentives-72894518f6b5 He reveals his plan. SV will also support OP_CHECKDATASIG and OP_CHECKDATASIGVERIFY. However, instead of doing what they do on the ABC chain they will donate the transaction to the miner, allowing the coins to be collected as fees. This means if the SV chain ends up winning anybody using DSV on the ABC chain will lose everything. As soon as you use DSV on the ABC chain your coins disappears on the SV chain. This is what he meant with his tweet before ("Any DSV spend will eventually be blacklisted on SV"). Miners will be heavily incentivized to mine on the SV chain because they will be able to collect not only regular fees but they will also be able to collect transactions using DSV as fees. This can be huge amounts of money. As for attacking other chains, reality is this is how bitcoin works. It's not pretty but the weakest chains aren't secure. If miners supporting the SV chain didn't attack the ABC chain it just means that some other entity could do it down the road. Imagine in 10 years when VISA launches their crypto solution, they might very well spend billions just to crush any weak chain. Let's remember why BCH was created. It was all about removing limits. Everybody was happy with how bitcoin worked, it was all just about removing the limits so it can scale to world adoption. Support ABC but don't split coins until you think it's clear which chain will win. It's way too soon to decide a winner, the hash war hasn't even started. Please allow transactions to be included on both chains to the best of your ability. You can still support ABC, just don't split coins. Reply share report
2	cryptocached	10	He reveals his plan. SV will also support OP_CHECKDATASIG and OP_CHECKDATASIGVERIFY. However, instead of doing what they do on the ABC chain they will donate the transaction to the miner, allowing the coins to be collected as fees. This means if the SV chain ends up winning anybody using DSV on the ABC chain will lose everything. As soon as you use DSV on the ABC chain your coins disappears on the SV chain. That is his plan. To steal BSV from users for the crime of transacting on a different chain. A pull request implementing at least some of the changes required has already been submitted to the BSV GitHub repo. All that remains is to see if the BSV devs will merge these features into their client. ping u/shadders333 u/danconnolly Reply share report
2	Contrarian__	7	This means if the SV chain ends up winning anybody using DSV on the ABC chain will lose everything I just explained to you why this is a dumb statement. Why are you repeating it? Reply share report
1	Pust_is_a_soletaken	4	Roger seems exhausted. Does it worry anyone that (because Roger is no dummy) he's known CSW wasn't Satoshi for ages now, but is only just now denouncing him? Reply share report
2	gulfbitcoin	2	Worry about it impacting price, which is less of an issue once there's a hard fork. As a matter of fact it makes sense to try to make CraigCoin DOA. Reply share report
2	cunicula3	2	It worries me greatly that lots of people told Roger this, but he didn't listen. He watched Craig harass all the smart people in BCH for over a year. Reply share report
3	moleccc	3	He explained why: he didn't want to be on the front line getting shot. Fear. It's only human. Reply share report
2	RireBaton	1	Here's in a hotel so maybe he's traveling and has jet lag. Reply share report
1	Ignoramix	4	Truth is Roger is well intentioned, a champion, but out of depth: a) Idealism, belief in the above the law nature of bitcoin is bad for BCH viabiility and of course value b) For BCH to succeed, base layer kept simple, bells & whistle in layer 2. c) If Layer 2 thingy breaks the law, BCH is unaffected d) If BCH grows exponentially, layer 1 easy to grow e) future layer 2 unencumbered by things stuffed in layer 1 ABC client runs afoul on all of these. How can Roger not see that? I don't know why, maybe not having IT experience is part of it. Like i said don't think it's nefarious, but flaming conspiracy theories as Roger, Jihan, et al have is for sure a sign of weakness, and definitely not welcome Reply share report
1	Dotabjj	2	Craig Wright admits again that he is Satoshi! Reply share report
2	Tritonio	6	More like "insists" at this point. Reply share report
1	cjoc09	1	can anyone translate CSW's email that Roger showed? Reply share report
1	hhtoavon	1	Thanks Roger.  To each wallet operator, its up to you to be your own bank, and thus if you are an exchange, and operate as a bank for others, this is your liability. Full Stop. Period. That is the deal.  Bitcoin Cash is freedom of money, speech and information. Reply share report
1	PeppermintPig	1	Don't forget the government distributing poisoned alcohol during prohibition and murdering people who unwittingly consumed it. Reply share report
1	hesido	1	Well.. It was obvious to a lot of people how you should not support anybody claiming to be Satoshi with 0 evidence to back up. He was nurtured real well in Bitcoin cash community. Reply share report
1	tjmac	1	Big on you, Roger. I agree with your sentiments completely. You’re a big reason I’m in this space. It takes a man to say what you said. And it makes me respect you more. Thank you. Sincerely. Reply share report
1	bitdoggy	1	Great words from you, Roger Reply share report
1	TiagoTiagoT	1	How someone so prone to self-destructive outburst like that managed to get anywhere in life? Has Craig always been like this, I mean, to this extent, or is there a chance he might be getting drugged without his knowledge to gradually make him mentally imbalanced? Reply share report
1	ripper2345	1	Context? Reply share report
1	KingofKens	1	* Coin Split = No Global Adoption * My mom doesn’t know which fork is clean! * Do everything to avoid the split. Guys, let's make the global money together. Don't split the community. Reply share report
1	RudiMcflanagan	1	What a retarded lunatic. This fuckin' guy legit acting like a third grade bully talkin' bout "welcome to bankruptcy", acting like he is dictator of all coins and market prices. Shit is straight up embarrassing. Reply share report
1	weedlawyer	1	BCH has the funniest timeline. Reply share report
1	masterD3v	1	My deepest thanks for making this u/memoryDealers. You can't go wrong when you put forward the truth. Roger Ver is Bitcoin Cash's most outspoken promoter. He is using his time, energy and economic ability behind an idea that will free billions of people, now and in the future, from economic censorship and institutionalized theft. I recently had the great fortune of meeting Roger at a conference, and I can say that he is just as genuine and sincere in person as on camera. Craig Wright couldn't be more opposite. His temperament is volatile, explosive and tinged with anger which lacks thoughtfulness or selflessness. Craig is using his energy to attempt a hostile takeover to become a dictator with whatever rules he sees fit. His email and twitter posts are tyrannic. His words remind me of the most oppressive governmental leaders around the world today. If you're planning to run SV you might as well run Petro Coin. Craig has threatened to blacklist coins, wage economic war against unsuspecting users and attack anyone that stands in his way. That is not and could never be the Satoshi that wrote the Whitepaper. If Craig stole Satoshi's keys somehow, then I believe he should be shunned. Satoshi disappeared, leaving us with a document that espouses economic freedom from institutions. Craig is trying to be and become the institution that people rely upon. These are inherently opposite ideas. No original Bitcoin enthusiast would ever get behind someone like that. As Roger said, if Craig becomes a dictator and starts to promote economic censorship, Bitcoin will continue as something else that is beyond the control of any one entity. Reply share report
1	jackle1981	1	Here's the problem with Ver's argument and many others in the "blockchain politics." He doesn't juxtapose the history of monetary to digital. Let's use 'Confederate Cash' as an example back in the 1860's. 1. South split off currency from the North. This new currency was essentially banking off the South to win the Civil War. 3. It failed in a couple months.  We can't just put our dollas in a new currency just because a bunch of people upvoted the idea on twitter. If we want this to be adopted internationally, we must make the right decision.  -j Reply share report
1	theSentryandtheVoid	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	Roger Ver admits he is a fool! Reply share report
1	m8XnO2Cd345mPzA1	0	· edited 10 hours ago Hi Roger (/u/memorydealers), let's have a look at the facts. Nobody else appears to see them here. Jihan Wu creates ASIC miners for SHA-256d and other PoW algorithms. There are lots of altcoins out there now and Bitmain makes a killing selling the miners for all these coins. If there's just one global P2P currency like Bitcoin Cash I think it's clear he would make less money. That hits his bottom line. I don't think he has a vision for a single global P2P currency, in fact he is incentivised to not have that vision because he can make more if that vision never comes to fruition. So in that sense his and your visions are not aligned. You're going to increasingly find yourself at odds with the direction they want to take Bitcoin Cash in the future. ABC client unfortunately has cemented itself as the defacto reference client for Bitcoin Cash and has the majority of node installs. But, where does it get most of its funding? They refuse to disclose it. That lack of accountability is suspect and will lead to another BlockStream situation in future I'm afraid. But regardless, we know that Bitmain/Jihan support ABC financially. So I think this client will take Bitcoin Cash down the wrong path as their backers are not aligned to supporting a single P2P world currency, just hundreds of altcoins that all do the same thing. We can see that already with this weird WormHole token that you need to burn real money (Bitcoin Cash) to get. Nobody needs WormHole. Even some of the changes ABC are pushing through appear to benefit only WormHole. Coin governance in Bitcoin Cash is an abomination, there is just ABC dictating changes. Case in point, Bitcoin Unlimited didn't want CTOR right now and voted against it. But somehow Bitcoin Unlimited felt obligated to accept it anyway to avoid a split. That's not how these things should work. Only one side making compromises. Do you want another Bitcoin Core situation with one client able to control the direction and future of Bitcoin Cash? Well that's what you've got right now, ABCore. The community should have been advocating for proper distributed governance. Development teams put forward proposals and miners vote on them (BUIP 135). The individual features get activated a short time after in the next hard fork. That means ABCore would no longer have dictatorship power in Bitcoin Cash. They'd be put on the same level as Bitcoin Unlimited, SV, XT and other interested clients. The biggest investors, the miners, get the final say in which features are activated. After all its their bread and butter. Subtle changes to the economics and protocol can drastically affect their business. E.g. expensive op codes like DSV that require more CPU power, forcing the miners to upgrade their hardware prematurely to process transactions but are not remunerated for it because the fees per transaction are still at 1 Satoshi per byte. I think Craig is Satoshi. The circumstantial evidence outweighs all the other counter claims I've seen. Check out this Tulip trust document. In the event of Kleinman's death, 1.1 million bitcoins get returned to Craig 15 months after. It explains where Craig has gotten all his money from. Now someone who had the smarts to invent Bitcoin is probably at genius level. How many geniuses do you know? Throughout history they've all been a bit eccentric e.g. Einstein etc and maybe lacking in emotional intelligence as well. Maybe they even have a mental disorder too. Ever watch the movie A Beautiful Mind based on the life of John Nash? A genius, world changing mathematician with paranoid schizophrenia. Not saying Craig has any mental disorders, but for what geniuses have in intellectual intellect they may be lacking in emotional intellect and other areas e.g. attractive personality. Anyway, if you had seen your invention ruined by Bitcoin Core, then had new life breathed into it with Bitcoin Cash, then having your vision ruined again by ABC just one year later you might lose your temper too. Craig is behaving exactly how I suspect Satoshi would behave seeing his invention misunderstood, twisted and ruined multiple times. You jumping on the Bitmain/ABC train is like stabbing Satoshi in the back. Proof of Personality, Proof of Social Media and Proof of Troll are not ways to govern Bitcoin Cash and decide the direction it should take. You have pre-emptively decided the outcome of the fork without the fork even taking place. That's not the right way. The right way is to accept the fork that has the most hash rate (and subsequently security) and accumulative Proof of Work behind it. It's right there in the conclusion of the whitepaper. You're on the wrong side of history just choosing the fork with lower hash rate, faked community support and biased against one man's personality. Attacking Craig's personality is at the bottom of Graham's Hierarchy of Disagreement. That's not how Bitcoin works. Bitcoin works with Proof of Work: Nodes can leave and rejoin the network at will, accepting the proof-of-work chain as proof of what happened while they were gone. They vote with their CPU power, expressing their acceptance of valid blocks by working on extending them and rejecting invalid blocks by refusing to work on them. Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism. I think you'll find your company on the wrong side of the fork on the 15th mining a minority hash rate chain with lower security, vulnerable to all manner of attacks. You'll get what's coming, your business running on an unstable, insecure chain. The price of ABCore Coin will reflect that I think. The community and businesses won't be able to save it on its own. If it came to ABC side vs SV side, I would side with SV as they believe in PoW as per the whitepaper and have the hashpower to back up their plan. However a distributed governance mechanism is still not resolved. We need to resolve that to have painless network upgrades and to keep the ecosystem from splitting. So my preferred outcome would be to have nobody fork off in 1 weeks time. Just cancel it on both sides. Then we have 60 days of miner voting on the exact features we want. You get 1 vote for each feature, per block mined, so you have to have your hashrate pointed at Bitcoin Cash all the time during the voting period in order to maximise your votes. Then we have 2 months to implement the winning features that received more than 50% of the vote. Then a month of testing and bug fixing. Then a month to install the updates and prepare for the next fork which includes only the winning features. Bitcoin Cash needs a stable, more inclusive mechanism for governance or it will face splits and divisive behaviour every 6 months. In fact one scheduled hard fork per year would be more stable for the ecosystem and give teams more time for development, testing and upgrading. I really think Craig's plan of removing the artificial limits, enabling some initial functionality and locking the protocol down would allow businesses the stability they need to build on top of Bitcoin without all the drama. ABC's roadmap lacked buy-in from the biggest miners and a complete failure to achieve consensus. Now they're forking regardless, just because. The best course of action is to call off the fork on both sides. Otherwise I can see the price of Bitcoin Cash just tanking. I am considering moving my money out into fiat or some other cryptocurrency until the drama has resolved. Reply share report
2	stale2000	5	If the only thing you care about is miner hashpower, then why are you writing these long posts? That's just proof of social media right? If you believe this then you have nothing to worry about. Hashpower will just decide or something, and all your arguments here mean nothing. The rest of us who disagree, though, will just continue on using our own fork, regardless of what you think. Reply share report
2	gulfbitcoin	1	let's have a look at the facts I think it's clear he would make less money. That hits his bottom line. I don't think he has a vision So I think this client will take Bitcoin Cash down the wrong path I think Craig is Satoshi I think you'll find your company on the wrong side I really think Craig's plan  Reply share report
2	awless	1	BCH was the response to strangulation of BTC, and whatever good ideas CSW had, no one will buy a crypto coin with CSW sitting there ready to blacklist addresses of anyone who upsets him, so the CSW vision is died before it was birthed. Reply share report
1	nicebtc	1	If Roger Ver was the creator of Bitcoin SV, and Craig Wright did not exist, would you support SV, and let the miners decide? Everyone should focus on the features and the roadmap, there will always be people you don't get along with in bitcoin: psychos, criminals, socialists, anarchists, catholics, racists, feminists, globalists. Why? Simply because it aims to be world money. Calvin's letter was respectful, Craig's letter was very ugly and both of them are in the same camp. If you don't want to be fooled, don't waste your time finding who Satoshi is. And if someone claims that he is Satoshi, even if you share some of his ideas about bitcoin, don't trust him on his claim because you don't need to. Life can be complicated, don't make it over complicated. My two satoshis. Kudos to Roger Ver for sharing his true feelings. Reply share report
2	Kain_niaK	7	Here is a video of a miner talking with ABC. /u/jtoomim you want to tell this guy something about how miners already decide? Reply share report
3	jtoomim	Jonathan Toomim - Bitcoin Miner 8	I would not support SV no matter what because they do not show technical competence. They do not seem to understand the vulnerabilities they can introduce when they take the attitude of "just eliminate the limits (sigop and block size) and let miners deal with performance issues." They do not seem to understand that the performance issues are software, not hardware, and it's far more efficient to solve software issues once in open-source software than it is for each mining pool to build their own pool-specific infrastructure for working around these software issues, or to develop private software that solves the issue just for that pool. They also do not seem to care that having each pool develop their own in-house solution would fundamentally change the economics of Bitcoin mining in a way that encourages large superpools and compromises the decentralization of Bitcoin. I would not support them because they believe that selfish mining is impossible, whereas I know that it is possible because I have been doing a variant of it unintentionally on p2pool for years, and have earned about 3% more revenue on LTC and on BTC than my hashrate deserves because of it. This accidental selfish mining variant becomes inevitable when you have slow propagation/validation times relative to the block interval (i.e. blocks are too big relative to the network's code and node performance), and when you have significant disparities in the proportion of hashrate that each pool or miner has. Because p2pool has low performance (written in Python, and designed in a way that requires it to process and forward each transaction) and has a blockchain-on-a-blockchain design, p2pool is a canary in the coal mine for this accidental selfish mining variant. However, with BCH, we would see similar susceptibility to accidental selfish mining if block sizes were about 40-80 MB, given current tech. Bitcoin SV's "solution" to this problem is to claim that it does not exist, based on a single a priori paper by CSW which was logically flawed and incoherent (it postulates negative probabilities in some of its formulae, which makes negative sense). I would not support SV because they are opposed to important features like CTOR which actually help with the performance issues mentioned above, and are using FUD smear tactics in their arguments against it ("CTOR is used for Wormhole! Wormhole's purpose is to get Bitcoin off Bitcoin!" or some such nonsense; "CTOR makes adding transactions to blocks O(n2)!" -- factually incorrect, it's O(n log n) -- "and that changes the economics of Bitcoin at a fundamental level!"). I would not support SV because they do not show the level of professionalism and technical discussion needed to make a community work unless they are treated as a dictatorial control party. Instead of presenting these (spurious) objections directly to miners at the miner/dev meeting in Bangkok, Craig simply ran out shouting "Lies and bullshit!", and did not return. When the other nChain/SV representatives were asked to flesh out their objections to CTOR, they were unable to, and hinted that CSW was the only one who knew how to explain his objections. In summary, most of the objections I have to SV are technical. Their plan does not make sense to me. Their strategic leader (CSW) is a technically incompetent serial plagiarist who is wrong about most of the technical issues he discusses. The demeanor and unprofessionalism contributes to the problem, because it means that nobody can ever engage in a technical debate with CSW; he will simply explode in a ball of anger and either turn the discussion into a shouting match, block you on twitter, or simply walk out of the room. When a person is both wrong and unable to engage in debate, it's a problem. When that person is the leader of a movement, it's a disaster. /u/nicebtc Reply share report
2	jonas_h	7	SV's changes are bad on a technical level as well. Reply share report
2	Richy_T	2	My two satoshis. The new hit sitcom coming to Fox this spring. Reply share report
1	evilrobotted	0	Continuous change to the protocol opens it up to government-coercion attacks as with what happened with Peter Todd. Continuous change to the protocol means we can never rely on it to be stable... We will have fights like this every six months. I'm with Craig. Reply share report
2	moleccc	2	You have a point about the capturability of the scheduled hardfork process. However, I doesn't make me side with Craig. Reply share report
3	awless	1	maybe thats the plan, put a really toxic person to advocate the future they are most scared of. Reply share report
1	twilborn	-2	Ok Roger, you pointed out how CSW is a jerk, which I'd agree, but made absolutely no technical argument against the SV protocol. Supporting ABC because of Craig's character is using the Ad-homiem fallacy. Another fallacy that Roger used is the bandwagon fallacy when he said "I support ABC because all these other groups do". Don't be an NPC. Think for yourself based on the technical merits of what each proposal has in it. I have heard good technical arguments for and against both. At this point, I only care that the side with the majority hashrate wins, and right now, its unclear which side will get more hash. You did make a good argument about the necessity of splitting coins, but I personally dissagree though I'd wait to see how things play out before splitting. Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vc14o/divide_and_conquer_this_is_what_theyre_doing_now/
	147 Posted byu/money78 11 hours ago "Divide and Conquer" this is what they're doing now to destroy BCH! 41 Comments Share Save 88% Upvoted
1	chainxor	51	Cobra is a double talking snake - as expected. Fuck him. Reply share report
2	Zyoman	17	Being so bi-polar make be believe: Bi-polar disorder? Intentional creating mess in both camps? Trolling around for fun? All of the above? Reply share report
3	unitedstatian	10	What makes you think he's only one person? Reply share report
4	CityBusDriverBitcoin	2	maybe one or a group, well connected to Satoshi too ( Do you really think that Satoshi would give his website to a complete stranger? ) Reply share report
3	stale2000	6	At the beginning I was giving Cobra the benefit of the doubt. Now it is quite clear that Cobra is just trolling. All future interactions should be treated as such. Reply share report
3	BeakMeat	Redditor for less than 60 days 3	How about bi-troller? Reply share report
4	Zyoman	3	I think you just coined a new title! Cobra is such as bi-troller! Reply share report
2	500239	7	hey /u/cobra-bitcoin now's your chance to explain your logic mr sssssssnake Reply share report
3	CityBusDriverBitcoin	1	No matter what he says, you will accept only what you want to understand Reply share report
4	500239	1	damn son I wasn't ready for these wise words. Reply share report
1	unitedstatian	5	This is how I imagine Cobra. Reply share report
1	witu	5	Uh huh. And how would you describe what Sharkpool is doing, exactly? https://www.yahoo.com/amphtml/finance/news/war-bitcoin-cash-startup-launches-000137826.html Reply share report
2	chainxor	13	This is dissapointing. That is the guy behind Cryptonize.it revealing himself as an SV troll. Reply share report
3	5heikki	10	Consider it a stress test. If a coin can't survive sharkpool, it's worthless.. Reply share report
4	chainxor	5	That is of course true. Reply share report
3	CityBusDriverBitcoin	0	· edited 7 hours ago Well, I can say that the guy behind Cryptonize.it is sharklaser or a username really close to sharklazerr and he was blasting Roger Ver on Bitcoin Cash Fund discord channel on how Roger was a bad business man. basically, he was talking shit on Roger. (Not blaming anyone on BCF, just sharklazer) Edit: /u/SharkLaserrrrr Reply share report
1	sonnyboom	3	Possible that a few different characters clock in on the cobra account. Reply share report
1	hagenjustyn	3	Someone wanna give me the rundown on what the difference is between SV and ABC? I’m an avid BCH supporter and lover of Satoshi’s White Paper. I didn’t want this hard fork to happen because as it has seemed from the outside, BCH was already trying to carry out his mission and now as things split again, it makes me concerned for the future of BCH at all. It makes things even more complicated. Reply share report
2	CityBusDriverBitcoin	2	there is no real difference, except for the miners who want to run the show. it's a miner first world problem Reply share report
3	hagenjustyn	2	How lame. Instead of working together they want to compete and have all the power. How did we end up here Reply share report
4	CityBusDriverBitcoin	1	capitalism/competition Reply share report
2	rightoothen	2	ABC is introducing a couple of changes, CTOR and DSV. Neither are major but do provide some nice upgrades. SV adds LSHIFT, RSHIFT, INVERT and MULL. I don’t really know what they’re for sorry. SV also increases the max block size to 128 MB, note though that no BCH client can actually generate and propagate blocks anywhere near that large yet, so the change is purely symbolic. Reply share report
3	hagenjustyn	1	Thanks my dude. So I will support both until one becomes corrupt and dies (: this bullshit division needs to end already so Satoshi coin can truly prosper and change the world. These fuckcucks need to grow up already. Reply share report
1	brax_notlley	Redditor for less than 30 days 3	listen to me i think divide and conquer is real!!  first i support CSW because he was most business ruthless now maybe i think its dragon army?  When Bitcoin Cash is first born I was big CSW fan because I think he was most knowlegable of bitcoin and business and him and Calvin not afraid to talk big about crushing other coins. now I look at situation and I think Blockstream and AXA are powerful a lot more than I think. First they win segwit split with no hash power and make jihan back down then they shutdown 2X with PoSM.  Now we have proof they are manipulate bitcoin community with maybe some BCH big shots are AXA spies, why Jihan with most hashpower not only mine BCH? is he work for BS secretley? now he said he think CSW is maybe a spy from beginning and we have maxwell sending secret email to support CSW. Both guys wanna make split over stupid changes no matter what!! I think maybe both are spies and probably don't even know about other guy? If this true then Blockstream is play chess and we play checkers... Reply share report
1	Ant-n	8	SV? The biggest gift to Core minion and enemies of BCH... Reply share report
2	CityBusDriverBitcoin	2	· edited 7 hours ago they are also ready to fork BSV in case they win They will go against Bitmain/ABC and then they will go against Big Blocks/SV/Faketoshi It's a win win situation for Core if SV win (unless Satoshi is CSW) Reply share report
3	AD1AD	2	No, even if he's Satoshi, it changes nothing about whether he's right or wrong, or what's good or bad. His ideas stand on their own. Reply share report
3	impossible_try	1	He isn't. Stop that bullshit. Reply share report
1	x137cc	2	a house divided on itself. Reply share report
1	Reelmo	2	Who’s they? Reply share report
1	dresden_k	2	Just another divide and conquer technique. Reply share report
1	pein_sama	3	Nah, he's just trolling all parties, BTC, BCH and BSV. Reply share report
1	ralampay	2	I'll say it again... the only one destroying bch is bch itself. Meanwhile other cryptos are moving forward while bch is having these little fights and these shitposting on btc. Lightning's moving forward as well as other technological advancements while bch is stuck with stickers and "hey this store accepts bch! (But fails to also disclose that it accepts btc as well)". Reply share report
1	masterD3v	1	BCore trolls are behind this bs, or trying to magnify it. Guaranteed. Reply share report
1	SnowBastardThrowaway	-5	
1	jimbtc	-21	
1	CityBusDriverBitcoin	-8	


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vey6q/why_craig_why_are_you_acting_like_the_nero_of/
	56 Posted byu/Egon_1 5 hours ago Why Craig? Why are you acting like the Nero of crypto? It doesn't make sense. 74 Comments Share Save 78% Upvoted
1	nolo_me	16	Has anyone verified if he actually has the Masters he's talking about? Can't help but be reminded of his "PhD in CS". Reply share report
2	f0rkyu	Redditor for less than 2 weeks 0	https://www.businessinsider.com.au/craig-steven-wright-career-2016-5  https://researchoutput.csu.edu.au/en/publications/the-quantification-of-information-systems-risk-a-look-at-quantita-3   Reply share report
3	poopface396	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	That article cites CSW's LinkedIn. It's not exactly a source. Plus that paper you linked is for his PhD in Philosophy. Reply share report
1	Anen-o-me	42	Fuck off Craig, you're crying wolf and scaring no one. Fuck. Off. Reply share report
2	KosinusBCH	10	Funniest part is atomic gambling is perfectly possible even without DSV, which means if we're first bringing the FBI into this, we should report craig's chain as well. Reply share report
3	krbch	Redditor for less than 60 days 2	If it’s possible, why add DSV? Reply share report
4	xModulus	5	Takes less space on the script Reply share report
2	BTC_StKN	Redditor for less than 6 months 2	Not too much longer of this bullshit remaining. He'll be exposed clearly as a fraud forever in Crypto history. Reply share report
1	Essexal	12	When you lay down with dogs... Reply share report
2	PreviousClothing	Redditor for less than 60 days 8	Bitcoin was so glad to be free of him. Reply share report
1	Contrarian__	44	Well it all makes sense when you realize he’s a lying fraud who desperately wants CDS to fail because it makes his patents even more worthless than they already are. Reply share report
2	CityBusDriverBitcoin	8	but who is CSW ? Why does he suddenly have all the attention ? It make no sense Reply share report
3	Papazio	13	As a passing observer, he seems a bit like a crypto Trump. Reply share report
4	hhtoavon	5	Spot on Reply share report
3	cunicula3	18	He's a worthless moron with no accomplishments. He rise to prominence because this community cannot tell apart accomplished people from incompetent frauds. Reply share report
4	anthson	3	I'd say about 33% of people here supported CSW before the meltdown. Certainly not the entire community. And that's not considering paid shills. Reply share report
5	cinnapear	9	Many of us decried him from the moment he backed out of his promise to publically prove he held early Bitcoin keys and haven't let up since. Reply share report
6	rightoothen	1	I was prepared to buy into the possibility that he deleted all the keys in an attempt to “kill” Satoshi, and/or deliberately provided fake proof in a desperate attempt to throw people the trail at the expense of his own credibility. Now though it’s obvious he’s a raving bloody loony. Reply share report
3	BeakMeat	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	didn't you read the letter he sent to Ver? HE IS SATOSHI Reply share report
3	f0rkyu	-6	
2	Hectormang	1	Lol Faketoshi with his fakethreats can takeoff Reply share report
1	narwhale111	7	What an asshat. Cant believe he claims to be satoshi, when bitcoin was made to be subversive. The guy was probably a crypto-anarchist, not this cry baby. Reply share report
2	f0rkyu	Redditor for less than 2 weeks 0	Well, you can see for yourself. Here is Craig debating politics with Julian Assange on a cypherpunk mailing list in 1996.  http://cypherpunks.venona.com/date/1996/09/msg01451.html Reply share report
1	MobTwo	14	Craig Wright is a super toxic individual. Reply share report
1	xman5	4	Is he gone completely mad... ?! Reply share report
2	OverlordQ	5	No, he was already like that. Reply share report
1	durascrub	4	This...this is just so laughably pathetic. I'm loving it though. It really paints a vivid picture of the man's mental impotence. Don't worry, gang, I've assessed the situation and cleared us of all threats. Reply share report
1	kingoftheflock	5	Lol does this guy think he’s bringing people to his side by threatening them? Reply share report
1	Sugarbird676	4	Every time I hear him speak or read his words, I think, “cocaine!” Reply share report
1	caveden	3	😂😂 Okay, now it's getting funny. He really has no shame, at all. Reply share report
1	206grey	3	I'm not very educated on what happens in a for and I have a small amount of bch. I'm not sure what to do with it or if I do nothing with it.. what happens post fork? Reply share report
2	metalbrushes	7	Just hold and let the market decide. All this is just stupid drama and FUD. You will get one of each coin if there ends up being a chain split. Hold them both and you won’t risk loosing. Trying to “pick the winner” and selling one, you could end up choosing wrong and loosing all of it. Better to just hold/wait n see. Reply share report
3	206grey	2	Thanks a lot for the reply, memes aside holding is the safe option. Are the any articles or links you'd recommend a newbie like myself reads? Reply share report
4	metalbrushes	2	Honestly there is such a crazy amount of information to absorb in the crypto space that there really isn’t just one source. Doing your own research a little bit every day and not believing everything you read/hear is probably the best advice I can give. If you try your best to read and learn every day then in a few months your going to look back with a wealth of knowledge and a much clearer perspective. r/btc subreddit is definitely a good place to start though, that’s a good start to lead you down the “rabbit hole”. Lots of articles and videos are posted here everyday. “Rick Reacts” from “We are all Satoshi” on YouTube is also a great place to start with video content as well. Rick Reacts Reply share report
2	FomoErektus	1	If it's on an exchange you're at the mercy of what they decide to do. Better to transfer it to an address for which you control the private key unless you literally believe yourself to be incapable of doing so safely. Reply share report
1	waspoza	2	He doesn't acting like Nero. He's acting like lunatic. Reply share report
1	karmicdreamsequence	2	These are just the ravings of a crackpot. Reply share report
1	RudiMcflanagan	1	100x margin short BSV. this blithering crybaby has rekt written all over him. Reply share report
1	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 2	He’s clearly trying to intimidate everyone in the space who would oppose him. Scare tactics. Talk big talk. Reply share report
1	cbeast	4	If his message was simply: "Look, DSV and CTOR add complexity and decrease economic incentives for on chain transactions." then we would be talking about that instead of what a jerk he has become. Reply share report
2	BigBlockIfTrue	6	DSV barely adds complexity. CTOR reduces complexity, at least in terms of block structure. Neither affect economic incentives for on-chain transactions. Reply share report
3	cbeast	-3	· edited 2 hours ago So CTOR ordering doesn't complicate 0-conf? Interesting. Whenever the down voting brigade strikes I know I hit a nerve. Reply share report
4	BigBlockIfTrue	13	Of course not. 0-conf will be exactly the same. Miners put the same transactions in a block the same as always, just using a different order within the Merkle tree (specifically, the order is now fully standardised). Craig Wright and Calvin Ayre have been spreading blatant lies and propaganda about the November upgrade for many months now. Reply share report
5	cbeast	0	While I believe that is the current understanding, it isn't standardized until it's shown to not be an attack vector. I personally don't like arbitrary ordering and prefer something more organic. Nobody is developing economic incentives for non mining nodes, and ordering seems to be a function for which they would be better suited. Reply share report
4	etherbid	-6	
2	segregatemywitness	1	Look, the fake core troll bots are out in force. Reply share report
2	etherbid	0	No kidding.  I'm all for Craig's ideas about economic incentives and protecting original bitcoin as close as possible. I was against Ctor before that was "a thing".  But like... why the fuck did he go the path of pure asshole? I mean a little asshole is OK -- but he went full on jerk.  But the truth still is, that Craig is correct and DSV is for illegal gambling and prediction markets. That was the use-case it was originally introduced with!  I do not like Craig as a person -- never did.  But I will defend an idea -- whoever is promoting it and I can look past that.  Do we really think anyone would have taken his ideas as the "nice guy"?  ....  Thinking about this more -- people were pretty hostile to him every since he did not give up the signature to the genesis block (he never promised he would). So perhaps that got to the man.  BU, ABC, Bitmain, and social media in general was pretty hostile towards him.  What would be amazing is that if he's able to actually scale bitcoin better than anyone else -- even though he has burned all bridges and is an asshole. That would be truly a remarkable thing. It would mean that Nakamoto Consensus is correct and that hash power is actually what secures the network.   Reply share report
3	Contrarian__	2	he did not give up the signature to the genesis block (he never promised he would) He promised to move an early block. Did it happen? Reply share report
3	wisequote	2	Is this a new formatting style to occupy most of the screen or you copy-pasted the wall of text from hoot suite and you forgot to reformat it? Lmao Reply share report
3	cbeast	1	I am not against any technological development because somebody will do it anyway. Ethereum put my mind to rest that anyone should worry about organized crime. I'm more concerned about AI, but that's another issue. Reply share report
4	etherbid	-2	I am not against any technological development because somebody will do it anyway. Agree.  It's just sad that we still have a block cap and a small block (**By any measure 32mb is small**) and little effort is being done to use the current consensus rules to scale. (See Gigablock testnet)  Instead talented developers are wasting time thinking of building the next Silk Road, building Gambling markets and online poker games. Instead of adoption and removing block limits, removing script limits, etc.  We needed someone like CSW, who is a sharp predator to show us that the most important thing is hash power and stability --- that's what we're going to learn out of this.  Reply share report
5	cbeast	2	CSW says these things, but doesn't actually have a defined roadmap. If he had a plan, then he could just show it and the argument would be over. CTOR is not irreversible in my opinion and DSV is not un-Bitcoin. CSW can still add ideas for future upgrades if they merit consideration. Reply share report
3	BitttBurger	1	I like the way you think. Stay woke. Reply share report
3	Sk8eM	1	This is the thing people don't realize about the situation. The "community" inadvertently declared war on HIM. He's only defending his stake, which is considerable. The top 100 BCH addresses hold 25% of the coins. That's like massive glowing red bullseye for anyone with enough BCH to crash the price. It's a game of chicken, Russian roulette, death poker right now. If Craig and Calvin can get Roger and Jihan to capitulate and sell their stacks they stand to make billions. Nobody seems to understand that this is mutherfucking WAR. Reply share report
4	etherbid	0	Nobody seems to understand that this is mutherfucking WAR. Yes, I personally think the right thing is to burn the whole thing to the ground.  I got into the original bitcoin, and I want nothing except the original bitcoin as close as reasonably possible in design and operating functions.  If someone does not defend the original bitcoin protocol, then I do not want any part of it.  Ctor is not bitcoin  DSV is a huge fucking waste of time. Over optimization for prediction markets and gambling instead of implementing OP_MUL, OP_LSHIFT and OP_RSHIFT (like they promised) that we actually need to create general purpose smart contracts. People have their head up their asses and do not represent smart software engineering practices.  Then we will seee Bitcoin Cash by ABC bent out of shape with Merklix trees, preconsensus, 2 minute blocks, different tx format -- all starting with Ctor.  Unbelievable   Edit:  One typo Reply share report
5	OverlordQ	3	I got into the original bitcoin, and I want nothing except the original bitcoin as close as reasonably possible in design and operating functions. K. DSV is a huge fucking waste of time. Over optimization for prediction markets and gambling instead of implementing OP_MUL, OP_LSHIFT and OP_RSHIFT Uh, but those are different opcodes than what was originally in there. If someone does not defend the original bitcoin protocol, then I do not want any part of it. Funny. Reply share report
1	LuxuriousThrowAway	2	Calvin is no enemy of gambling! Reply share report
1	ChurroSalesman	1	JUST Reply share report
1	DerSchorsch	1	Even if you think that "hash power should decide" - that doesn't work if the potential loser won't respect the decision and threatens to retaliate with lawsuits instead. Reply share report
1	bcloud71	1	LOL. Such a retarded. Reply share report
1	masterD3v	1	Allowing freedom -> those trying to prevent freedom panic. Reply share report
1	further_needing	1	public figure not important enough to warrant a protection detail pissing off people he accuses of criminality Y tho Reply share report
1	Elidan456	1	Didn't know someone else could make me feel as sick as Trump does. Reply share report
1	uiuyiuyo	Redditor for less than 60 days 0	LOL. Mike Dundee has more political clout in the US than this guy. Fucking Australian... thinks anyone in the US government gives a fuck about what he has to say. Reply share report
1	Adrian-X	-2	I guess if CSW has IP ABC should not add it to the base protocol without permission. Why not just wait, no point in taking the risk. If he is bluffing it will come out in time. Reply share report
2	cryptocached	10	The few patents that Wright/nChain have been granted and most of the pending applications are freely available. He doesn't own any IP that anyone would want to use and isn't likely to be granted any that would withstand review. Like everything Wright has ever produced, his Intellectual Property amounts to shit. It is way past time to call his bluff. Reply share report
2	nynjawitay	3	What happened to permission-less innovation? Reply share report
1	The_Beer_Engineer	-6	


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vaqn4/guys_im_going_to_say_it_bitcoin_sv_is_an_attempt/
	208 Posted byu/BitcoinIsTehFuture Moderator - Bitcoin Cash!13 hours ago Guys I'm going to say it: Bitcoin SV is an attempt by Blockstream to divide Bitcoin Cash. The regular Core trolls disappeared when this rift began. Replaced by SV trolls. And now Craig is threatening everyone, with Greg Maxwell backing him up. THIS IS THE SAME ATTACK FROM BLOCKSTREAM, IN DISGUISE. Reference points: Gregory Maxwell offers "discreet assistance" to Craig Wright, the man whom he vehemently decried was NOT satoshi just a year earlier. When Greg is backing someone in Bitcoin Cash, this is the biggest red alert there could be. https://coingeek.com/former-blockstream-cto-gregory-maxwell-sees-light/ Craig Wright's threatening email to Roger Ver. Image of the email  |  Roger Ver's YouTube Video The same exact trolling technique that was originally used to divide Bitcoin (BTC) into Bitcoin Cash (BCH), is now being used by Bitcoin SV. Where'd all those Core trolls go?!? There is time coincidence between Core trolls disappearing and being replaced by SV trolls which are now doing the exact same astroturfing, just with a slightly different "internal war" narrative. It's the same troll group, guys! https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9v9apc/anyone_else_find_it_interesting_that_once_the/ 196 Comments Share Save 71% Upvoted
1	CatatonicAdenosine	42	Does anyone honestly believe that if team-CSW controlled this sub, it wouldn't be completely censored of all pro-ABC content? Another thing to think about... Reply share report
2	KosinusBCH	18	Of course it would. He has already said he will blacklist and ban coins from people who are going to split their coins using DSV in the coming fork. This is on-chain censorship, which is probably the worst sin you could possibly do in Bitcoin. If he's willing to remove any sense of censorship-resistance and permissionlessness from bitcoin cash, then he would have no problem censoring this subreddit. He went from your mentally ill uncle to the biggest enemy of Bitcoin including banks and blockstream in one week. Reply share report
3	CatatonicAdenosine	11	Well put. I honestly find it hard to believe that genuine Bitcoiners still support SV after the last week. Reply share report
3	ImReallyHuman	1	fyi Greg has not been employed by blockstream for a year now Reply share report
4	KosinusBCH	3	What does my post have to do with Greg? I'm talking about Craig Reply share report
4	zcc0nonA	1	Yes, blockstream removed their 'team' page and doesn't prodcue anything, so it was weird they would fire greg for potentially brining them underfire Reply share report
2	themadscientistt	3	Well, just look at his Twitter Feed. He is on a banning spree there... "Bye. Troll." Reply share report
2	homm88	1	There's always been a noticable amount of pro-CSW shilling and seemingly manipulated upvote counts for CSW posts ever since the inception of this sub. CSW has ALWAYS been a malicious actor, even before the Faketoshi claims, and after as well. Reply share report
1	xd1gital	35	I don't think so. I think Core strolls are taking the advantages of BCH situation and stirring the pot. It's a divide and conquer strategy. Reply share report
2	BewareTheChainSplit	6	Craig is the divisive one. The question is, what's his motivation? Reply share report
3	knight222	5	He might just be retarded and emotionally unstable. Reply share report
3	Elidan456	2	He wants to be king. Reply share report
3	thrakkerzog	2	Uh, $$$$$$$$ Reply share report
2	linuxkernelhacker	1	doesn't matter what they do, their technology and economic model is a dead end. nobody is going to pay thousands of dollars to settle on that chain with so many enterprise options out there that can do much more for sub-cents and lower times. If banks nor institutions will want to use core, their days are numbered, it's only a matter of time until markets get tired on speculating on a substandard cryptocurrency. Meanwhile we're going to enable sharding over the next two years once CTOR is here not just for transactions, but also for mempool partitioning and shaeded script execution. We can't scale with the every-computer-stores-and-runs the same thing, we'll only be as slow as the slowest node on the network, we need to parallelize and CTOR is that big first step towards it, easier to take it now than later. Then we'll be able to grow the blocksize and not need to include a ridiculous amount of data related to transaction topology. Bitcoin ABC's team vision is spot on. We are the real Bitcoin, meant to be used as internet money and eventually widely accepted worldwide. Reply share report
1	UpstairsAdagio	Redditor for less than 90 days 6	I disagree. I do think they want him to take control tho. The nchain devs actually seem like genuine guys and I would def give them guys the benefit of the doubt - will be interesting to see what happens there in the future. So in short blockstream did not create/fund csw. They see it and are trying to take advantage. I would love to hear from Calvin Reply share report
1	myquidproquo	23	Man, this means that there is a conspiracy inside the conspiracy? OH MY GOD. Reply share report
2	squarepush3r	10	we must go deeper Reply share report
3	myquidproquo	13	Could Hillary be involved? Reply share report
4	SukiKrieg	5	If she is it will be easy to stop her. Just put a set of stairs in front of her. Reply share report
3	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 4	😂😂 Reply share report
3	dank_memestorm	8	it unironically is a layer deeper. SV is the real Bitcoin, Blockstream is attacking by trying to exploit SV's weak PoSM by appearing to support them. Meanwhile their shills make posts like OP. They are scared of SV, so they pretend to be 'backing' it because they know most of the BCH community will fall for it and thus shun SV, which was their whole intent. Everyone is falling for a Blockstream trick by thinking SV is a Blockstream trick. Reply share report
4	viners	9	If anyone is sabotaging SV (SV being just increasing block size and locking the protocol), it is Craig with his insane behaviour. I think everyone agrees that BCH should eventually be limitless and locked down, but the way Craig is proposing it is very damaging. Reply share report
5	Bitcoin-1	1	How is it damaging? Miners ultimately decide how large blocks will be. It's in their interest to fit as many transactions in a block as they can that will be accepted by the network. There are some lines of code that need to be updated to increase the rate of tx output. That's all. Reply share report
4	fuck-r-bitcoin	2	spot on! Reply share report
2	PreviousClothing	Redditor for less than 60 days 7	someone needs to start r/btccomedygold to keep track of posts like this Reply share report
3	myquidproquo	3	New coin confirmed: BTC Comedy Gold! Fake Satoshi's "Satoshi's Vision"! Reply share report
4	PreviousClothing	Redditor for less than 60 days 2	Don't forget FakeBitcoinJesus' ABCs! Reply share report
2	hawks5999	4	Conspirception. Reply share report
1	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 33	Pertinent observations, also observed by others: “From the very beginning I have had a conspiracy theory that CSW is a spy controlled by Blockstream.” https://twitter.com/jihanwu/status/1060396271888789504?s=21 Reply share report
2	BTC_StKN	Redditor for less than 6 months 6	Not sure it's directly related to Blockstream and I'm not really sure that matters. What does seem true is that it is a repeated similar attack. We do need to fight against it and we do seem more prepared and aware this time as I feel this community is more educated than the legacy community. What remains to be seen is how the Miners respond ot this PoSM attack after failing to act with S2X and Legacy BTC hijaacking. The community seems to have learned that how they set price is their responsibility and has an effect on the dynamics. Reply share report
2	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 25	I think a lot of us have been fooled, for a long time, thinking Craig might be a good guy on our side. He is showing his true colors and things are coming to a head now. Reply share report
3	Rawlsdeep	12	Yep, that’s me, although I have always been a little on the skeptical side. Reply share report
4	Ant-n	4	I used to be somewhat neutral regarding him.. that changed.. Now I have no doubt his goal is to harm the project. It is the only possible explanation for his behavior. And he does even hide it.. read this quote of him: https://reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9uxpy2/a_writing_style_comparaison_between_csw_and/ Reply share report
3	ric2b	8	Fooled (as in being made to look like a fool) is the right word, I can't even count the number of times I tried to point out the many inconsistentencies in Craig's story/"proofs" only to be called a blockstream sock puppet. At least everyone has their eyes open now, but it's sad that it took CSW going insane for that to happen. Reply share report
3	Zyoman	5	He was kind of someone with attitude but right now he is just terribly bad. I would not use a currency controlled by this guy... because what he want is total control! Reply share report
3	scotty321	7	Yes, I was misled by him for a while too. Reply share report
3	justgimmieaname	3	Well if he is a secret agent sent by AXA to destroy bitcoin they sure picked a volatile, psycho one for the job. 3rd rate work. Dunno, it’s a mystery. Reply share report
3	jetrucci	-7	
2	Kain_niaK	9	Chinese always copy everything. 7 months before Jihan --> https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/8aavhc/after_reading_this_post_it_seems_clear_that/dwy95oy/ He is a master con man, able to make competent people believe that he is actually more competent then them, just a bit deep and cryptic. He says vague stuff, or he uses the wrong language ... and the people that give him the benefit of the doubt start thinking about it: Maybe he means this, maybe he means that ... ah yes then it would make sense. And of course the more you belief he is Satoshi or was involved with the creation of Bitcoin the more you will think in this way. On the other side of the spectrum, why would I do an effort in to reading this con man's papers ... I have better things to do with my time! And so it's kind of an amplified DDOS attack on somebody's time. CSW makes other people do all his thinking and debating for him, so he can keep on conning. He is a master at the craft. All so the investors in nChain keep on investing. nChain then invests all over the BCH spectrum and then of course they have to invite CSW to all these conferences. That's why you will not hear Roger Ver say: "He is Satoshi" or "He is not Satoshi" but "Person A still believes he is Satoshi". It's always money. Always. I can ask Roger a thousand times to explain why he is doing business with CSW and nChain but he will never answer. The stakes are to high. Apparently in the BCH community there is use for a con man that has indeed fooled some people in to believe he is Satoshi. Then there are the Bitcoin Core hijackers who have proven to be quite effective at manipulation themselves. They love the fact that CSW is active in the BCH community and is such a controversial figure and probably do whatever they can to make CSW look as legitimate as possible on the sub here just so they can ridicule BCH later. The big problem for 99% of the user space is that we don't have all this knowledge so we are stuck with proxies. People that we trust that we have to believe. That's how so many of us got bamboozled by people like Greg Maxwell and others. We just could not understand all of it, and then it's easy to fool us. Keep fighting the good fight and never lose your integrity Vitalik. Like Pirate Rick said: When something is wrong, you speak up! And in crypto, well apparently being wright and wrong .... is sustainable ... I can probably find old post from my kain134 account on /r/bitcoin from 2015 talking about CSW and how much of a conman he is ... Reply share report
3	emergent_reasons	9	Don’t go cryptotebel on us kain! Reply share report
4	Kain_niaK	13	Alright alright but once in a while I want a tidbit credit you know. Reply share report
5	emergent_reasons	4	Ok. You have the best fraud detector. Aaaand the best meme, tied with the matrix classic. Reply share report
6	Kain_niaK	6	Thank you! Reply share report
4	wisequote	5	Haha some jokes are so rbtc-niche it’s insane yet very hilarious; cryptorebel is certainly a punchline. Reply share report
5	emergent_reasons	2	It seems I misspelled my own punch line :) Reply share report
4	Zectro	2	channeling cryptorebel Hey. u/Kain_niaK is a genius and a pioneer, while you've just been a troll! I got you u/Kain_niaK Reply share report
2	gielbier	7	Then why was the first appearance of CSW at 'The future of Bitcoin', an event that was funded by Bitmain? An event that had the lead ABC dev there, Jihan was there, and CSW. All united in their hate again 'evil core'. A conference that had put additional security on people wearing a UASF hat. It was that conference that sparked the whole CSW fanaticism and gave him a stage. Claiming CSW is a blockstream attempt is the most ridiculous thing ever. tldr: Jihan and Matonis gave CSW a platform, Ver liked the things CSW said. But now they don´t anymore, it's evil Blockstream/Axa/Core ofc. Really you reap what you sow. (As a Core/Blockstream/AXA troll/shill/sockpuppet, I think the best thing the BCash community can do, is get rid of CSW.) Reply share report
3	jessquit	13	Claiming CSW is a blockstream attempt is the most ridiculous thing ever. No, it's exactly as singularity87 explained in his famous post. What someone somewhere worked out, is that all you have to do to take down a community is say that you are on their side. Craig showed up at precisely the right moment to play Pied Piper. Reply share report
2	Hernzzzz	9	LMAO you guys are too much. Reply share report
3	cdn_int_citizen	2	I rarely come here anymore, but im not surprised to see YOU here, still trolling. Wow. You HAVE to be paid to spend this much time trolling people trying to change the world. Reply share report
4	typtyphus	3	· edited 6 hours ago How the fuck could you not see through all the bullshit? I came here to get some salt for my popcorn. Reply share report
4	joeknowswhoiam	4	Isn't it a bit ironic to say this in a thread pointing out that "regular Core trolls disappeared"? Reply share report
5	cdn_int_citizen	1	Maybe if I was OP and wrote the post title. Otherwise, no. Reply share report
4	Hernzzzz	-1	ME? Oh my! I rarely come here anymore, but im not surprised to see YOU here, still trolling. Wow. You HAVE to be paid to spend this much time trolling people trying to change the world. Reply share report
3	vakeraj	2	It’s hilarious. These people embraced CSW for years, and now that he’s persona non grata, they suddenly act as if he’s a Blockstream agent. r/btc is a perfect encapsulation of cognitive dissonance. Reply share report
3	Zepowski	1	Newsflash!!! Blockstream secretly bombed the WTC in an elaborate plan to destabilize western society and monger fear so that Roger Ver would to go to prison for selling firecrackers. Fuck me, this reddit is ridiculous. Reply share report
4	IWasABitcoinNoobToo	1	This is hilarious! I love it! Reply share report
2	heuristicpunch	-14	
1	GibbsSamplePlatter	10	CSW can you please unblock me on twitter now that the truth is out? Reply share report
1	taipalag	11	Well I have to admit that it’s been a while seeing those “bcash trash lol” style of comments here. Interestingly, there are a lot of similar “EOS scam lol” comments over there in the EOS forums. I wonder if those NPC troll teams get hired left and right when needed. Reply share report
2	devilox	0	bcash trash lol Reply share report
3	mejuwi1	-1	Soon BCashSv Trash and BCashCSW Trash lol Reply share report
1	bughi	4	I keep trying to find the original source of the email GM sent to CW offering help/advice. No luck so far. Did CW just publish it? Why would he? Did GM? Why? Was it a mistake by someone? A hack? Reply share report
2	laskdfe	3	Without a signature, who knows if a screenshot of an email is valid.... Reply share report
1	AwakeningLogos	Redditor for less than 30 days 6	Absolutely. Reply share report
1	Salmondish	9	Despite the conspiracy theories , the reality we must deal with is that there are large well funded egos in play here and thus a split and war is likely Reply share report
2	AD1AD	1	We can only know that those egos are actually well funded if there's actually some sort of hash competition or market competition on "their side" of the fork. (So far, all we have is "proof of social media".) So I actually think it's good that we'll have the chance for the ideas to duke it out in the market: players will be forced to show their hands, and will gain more valuable information than we have during the whole "debate". And anyone who doesn't split their coins and sell on one side is at no risk. They can just grab their popcorn and know that their Bitcoin will be part of a more resilient network after it's all over. Reply share report
1	mossmoon	14	Jihan was right from the very beginning. Again. Reply share report
2	Bitcoin-1	1	Jihan has been wrong many times. If you're gonna shill at least make a semi believable statement. Reply share report
3	knight222	2	Jihan has been wrong many times. Such as? Reply share report
4	Bitcoin-1	1	Well as a majority miners he folded to Core. Reply share report
1	Vibr_339	6	There's no conspiracy. Just incompetence and incoherence. The rest are stories made up in our minds trying to fill in the gaps in between, when in fact they really are just gaps. Reply share report
2	whistlepig33	3	Conspiracies are just people working together to accomplish their shared goals. I don't think it is logical to assume that people that either have a lot of money to gain or lose wouldn't work to try and achieve their goals. Reply share report
1	Mikeroyale	3	Blockstream/nChain, both work for the same people. Those would like to either control Bitcoin, or see it fail. Reply share report
1	flomster	3	These guys are making ETH, XRP, etc look like solid choices. Reply share report
2	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 1	The drama definitely does push away interest. Reply share report
1	Ant-n	6	BCH is definitely facing its first “blockstream” event. (I define it as an attempt to capture development to profit for protocol limitation.. blockstream was sidechain.. nchain is patent) Reply share report
2	benjamindees	1	Blockstream has a patent also, and supposedly nChain has some of their own protocol extensions in development. Reply share report
1	zcc0nonA	2	they only have so much money, but a fair amount, at blockstream dedicated to online reputation management. ONly so many 'troll' man hours can be put in without losing money faster or pulling from something else (but other than trolling what does blockstream do?) Reply share report
1	Parker08	2	Core trolls seem to also hate Craig, and share a lot of the same characteristics as the ABC crowd in my opinion. I see it as the complete opposite as what you are saying. Also the anti-CSW crowd looks to be the majority here, while the SV crowd is the minority, the same was as the BCH crowd was the minority to Core's majority. Reply share report
1	Karma9000	6	Good lord you guys seem to really cling to your favorite boogeyman. Blockstream already thinks both BCH and CSW are worthless, and don’t care how the fork turns out. It’s possible to have bad things happen or bad people involved in crypto without them working at some 60 person startup. Reply share report
1	BTCRedux	4	It certainly looks that way. In either case, csw isn't stable enough to manage something as important as this. Reply share report
1	RTrobby	3	How does this idiot seriously say he's Satoshi when he doesn't understand basic English grammar and whatnot? He's such a fool. Reply share report
1	blissway	Redditor for less than 6 months 6	I support SV, and I am a core troll? This post is really bs my mod! Reply share report
2	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 4	You may not be a core troll, but of course you'd say this post is BS if you support SV. Reply share report
3	blissway	Redditor for less than 6 months 1	Sorry I don't have to be SV supporter to see this post is bs. Could you please give me any evidences that Bitcoin SV is an attempt by BStream, as I see it's just a interpretation. Please talk about tech, don't gossip or talk about personality. It's going no where. Reply share report
3	Bitcoin-1	2	I support SV. I've been mining Bitcoin since 2011. You need to understand that Jihan is not a free agent. You can't become wealthy and influencial in this world without state pressure basically anywhere in the world let alone China. Reply share report
4	hiddentrader	Redditor for less than 30 days -1	You're talking to people who are paid by Bitmain right now. The r/btc mods are paid by Roger, Roger is paid by Jihan. Why don't people get that r/btc is nothing but their propaganda arm is beyond me. Reply share report
5	Bitcoin-1	2	Yeah I know, just throwing some beacons out there to see who's awake. Dark to light. Reply share report
1	BCH7x3	Redditor for less than 60 days 3	You’re deceived . For money to be money it has to be legal . SV seeks to be money for the world. The world requires legality . Freedom means to follow the laws of the kingdom. Libertarian views are not anarchy. Libertarian views are best described as “Do unto others as you would have them do to you “ If bucket shops become BCH , then government will shut you down put on a cell block with a chain . I believe that money for the world is possible but it has to be immutable. If it scales and it legal you have a new freedom we have all be striving for . Reply share report
1	Kay0r	2	Not so sure about this. It's too blatant, i expected more from them. Put yourself in Ayre's shoes; would you continue to fund CSW efforts considering the state of SV developing/acceptance? I mean, SV daemon isn't ready and untested, some exchanges are openly supporting ABC and CSW is making threats on a daily basis. There must be something else apart from the divide and conquer strategy. Reply share report
2	jimbtc	-11	
1	rdar1999	2	Let's suppose some things are true (emphasis on suppose): 1 - prof. plagius has a satoshi key, say, genesis block; 2 - this is what gavin saw, so did others; 3 - because of 2 prof. plagius gained lots of influence; Now, assuming those are true, anyone with half a brain sees that this guys is a complete joke AND a psychopath, hence Phil Wilson's story is very likely true and shows that: 4 - prof. plagius, stole the credits of the invention, just like he steals ideas without citation in his article; 5 - he is so intellectually inferior that he can't even write proper paraphrases of his plagiarized material; there's ZERO chance he's involved in any significant insight in the creation of bitcoin; 6 - given that he is a psychopath predator, he didn't feel bad at all by having the credit stolen from a deseaced man and phil Wilson, quite the contrary, he just wanted to exploit those people from the beginning; 7 - thus, he rushed to start mining with the very first client written by phil and guarantee he has the genesis key and plenty of bitcoin, he betrayed him; With this in mind, assuming the story above is true, it may be true that he has access to tons of bitcoins; in this case, you can understand why he wants to destroy bch: he never embraced it in the first place, he only tried to have maximum influence, it failed because he's a good thief but abysmal-everything-else. So he still has the same amount of bcore, what shows how full of shit he is and that he never invested in bch for real, only bought some incompetent startups. Even if all of this is false, how can morons still follow a guy who says he holds bcore, after writing how shitty it is for over an year and that bch is golden, true bitcoin, etc? Reply share report
2	YouCanWhat	Redditor for less than 30 days 2	If Phil Wilson's story is true it would mean that * Satoshi was group project with him, Dave and CWS. * CWS did post under Satoshis name on BitcoinTalk. * CWS has some early keys and may have access to a large amount of BTC. * It was one of these early keys that CWS used to convince a couple people in private. * Dave is dead and with him the information Phil sent to him for safekeeping. Leaving only CWS with proof of being involved in the project. * CWS Ecash plan did not work out, Phil salvaged some small generic bits from CWS, had a better idea and then it was mostly Dave who implemented it and created Bitcoin. That would make CWS part of the origin of Bitcoin and potentially the owner of the keys. According to Phil what CWS did was mostly rubbish and the real Satoshi would have been Dave. The reason why Dave did not come out as Satoshi was because they all agreed to keep it private. ------------------------------------------------------------------------ The issue is that Phil claimed he saved some evidence that would verify that he was part of Satoshis Group relating to the Logo, but there is no-one to confirm it. If there is anyone that has good proof it is CWS since Dave is deceased. If Phil is telling the truth it would mean that CWS is part of Satoshi and have the keys to prove it, but he was more of a side-character that did not actually do much of anything. Reply share report
3	rdar1999	1	Almost entirely correct, but some few things there: phil already said that csw and dave were his surrogates. Phil solved the double spend problem entirely by himself, he IS satoshi in his own story, tho he doesn't claim like that. The first client was coded by phil as well, if you take a look at it, it is a giant int main(...) blob. Only later people like Hal organized the code properly. It was "sui generis" according to professional programmers, very idiosyncratic. And, according to phil, it was NOT supposed to have been released. Craig rushed to released it and start mining, he released it without phil's consent, and that's basically his main treachery that gave him some room to fool others. Csw keeps insisting that bitcoin is an economics system, not code, not anything else. It might be because he thinks low of what phil and dave did, and thinks that his ''brilliant insights'' were all that mattered. But the truth is that this has nothing to do with inventing bitcoin. Bitcoin solved a very determined problem. Also, according to phil's story, all the things that give economics characteristics to bitcoin were invented by him, no csw. And he says csw didn't understand even what pvt and pub keys were. Reply share report
4	YouCanWhat	Redditor for less than 30 days 1	Bitcoin solved a technical problem, double-spending, that was its crowning achievement that made decentralized digital cash possible. It did not solve any economic, legal, philosophical or political problems. The controlled supply and fixed upper limit, decreasing inflation, as well as there being a cost to minting new coins based on expending resources are all lifted straight from Gold. The neat thing was the method of the difficulty adjustment itself, not the fact that reward halved every 4 years or that difficulty was adjusted. Same with the pub/priv key, not the idea of public addresses itself. It is telling that the issues that Bitcoin has faced in the recent years has not been with the code but the conflict of visions regarding the politics and economics of the coin itself. Removing the chain of signatures with SegWit arguably removed one of the defining criteria for it qualifying as Bitcoin, but that is what is Bitcoin today. And while anything can be changed about what is called Bitcoin over time, like removing upper cap or changing to POS, it will not change the fact that it solved a problem that would have huge ripple effects independent of its own survival. Reply share report
1	scotty321	2	Yeah, there were even some fake "Bitcoin Cash" twitter accounts attacking me on Twitter, because I "bow down to my supreme leader Amaury" (their words, not mine). The scary thing is that these fake twitter accounts have thousands upon thousands of followers. Blockstream (aka the government) has gotten EXTREMELY SNEAKY this time around. Reply share report
1	11111101000	4	imagine getting called a troll for supporting nakamoto consensus. good luck with ABC's UAHF i guess. by the way gavin andresen is a blockstream troll too Reply share report
2	Greamee	2	· edited 12 hours ago If SV truly has a massive hashrate majority and the willingness to attack the minority chain to the point of it becoming unusable for so long that users abandon it, then they will have their way. People can make complaints about morality all they want, but that's simply how it works. If SV has that much hashrate, they win. And users can either sit on a useless chain, or switch to SV. None of SV's changes are controversial anyway. Miners can just lower that 128MB config setting.  Anyway, I see no indication of OP not supporting what you call "nakamoto consensus". They're simply saying: maybe the whole SV stuff is fabricated and an attempt to split the community. And to be fair, SV's position doesn't make sense as a whole. They want to block CTOR but then still have it on their roadmap for May? They don't like DSV but also planning to make scripts indefinitely large which would enable DSV anyway? What is their actual motive?  Reply share report
3	xman5	1	· edited 4 hours ago You can't win only with bruteforce, you also need economic majority. It's not that simple to destroy a blockchain. He will need about probably more than 90% majority in hashrate and also economic support. He has neither. CSW can't win, nobody is with him, also he is not Satoshi, so he can't sell his million coins to crash BCH (in rage). He is just a really mad man, who's talking too much... if he had any real power he would not talk that much. The more stupidity he talks... the less support he has, so that's not a winning strategy on his part. Also he is incompetent... why would the real Satoshi "simulate" incompetency ?! Reply share report
3	11111101000	1	but then still have it on their roadmap for May where? They don't like DSV but also planning to make scripts indefinitely large which would enable DSV anyway? https://twitter.com/connolly_dan/status/1033503001644818432 https://twitter.com/ProfFaustus/status/1060234719860789248 Reply share report
3	jaimewarlock	0	SV wants to be in control. They would rather destroy Bitcoin than lose control. I have know people like that, who would rather watch something crash and burn than lose control. They may get no glory, but at least nobody else got any either. They have little concern for the value of a project, just the glory of completing it. Reply share report
1	lcvella	1	As a skeptical since the very first time I heard the name Craig Wright (didn't seem to fit Satoshi's profile), and sure about his quackery since the famous fake "I am Satoshi" proof, I don't really believe in Blockstream coordinated attack on this case. It seems more like a temporary alliance due to incidental interest alignment. One is a sociopath who wants power and attention, and the other sees Bitcoin Cash as a serious threat, and know for a fact the first is a dangerous destructive mad dog. So it is only natural Blockstream agents support Craig in his crazy rampage coup attempt. Biggest evidence I see is: it isn't working. I don't consider CSW a threat, due to the raised awareness about his condition (thanks, Rick), but every professional, deep pocket and large scale social manipulation attack I lived through and fought against (I can three or four in the last three years) were successful. Reply share report
1	chougattai	1	Every user I tagged as CSW I did so during the selfish mining debacle, most of them have been relatively inactive for long a time, although I haven't visited much lately. In this thread the only CSW tag I see is /u/evilrobotted. Reply share report
1	xr1s	1	Sure took y'all long to figure out Craig Wright is an asshat. Reply share report
1	IWasABitcoinNoobToo	1	Correlation, meet causation. Sure, totally the same thing, let's go with that. Reply share report
1	Libertymark	1	Agreed these people Are pathetic We see them more than ever Deep state fucks Reply share report
1	masterD3v	1	It was so obvious. Just as BCH was gaining marketshare from BTC the trolling intensified almost in unison. Normal BCore trolls were nowhere to be found. SV trolls spamming like there was no tomorrow for 72 hours straight. Made posts about it this past weekend: Don't forget that BTC trolls are here trying to divide Bitcoin (Cash) before it takes over with on-chain adoption and Calling out the troll campaign that is either from CW or the BCore Dragon's Den. They are pretty easy to spot by looking at their comment history Reply share report
1	99r4wc0n3s	Redditor for less than 6 months 1	LMFAO. 🤣🤣🤣 ”Bitcoin SV is an attempt by Blockstream...” ”Greg Maxwell is backing him up” Except for CSW exposed Greg hours ago. ”Thanks for the offer Greg... But, Bitcoin is about PoW Miners. Users are not nodes. You do not understand, I do not want PoSM. You still really think this is about being liked or "accepted"... Hahaha So... Link Shame on you resorting to G. Maxwell ‘tactics.’ Reply share report
2	Devar0	-2	Can't have the truth get in the way of their boogeyman can we though Reply share report
3	99r4wc0n3s	Redditor for less than 6 months 1	This shit is nuts. The way misinformation is being used to paint a certain picture.. On another note... 67 days ago... Who are you?? 🙏🏻 Reply share report
1	heuristicpunch	-4	Gregory Maxwell offers "discreet assistance" to Craig Wright If this "assitance" was genuine then how come the screenshot was leaked by Craig himself? The fact that you are using a screenshot leaked by Craig himself to expose Greg, to prove that Craig and Greg are "working together" tells me you are doing propaganda. Craig Wright's email to Roger Ver. https://youtu.be/rFU1o-0oU7A Roger Ver is pushing protocol changes against majority hash. And right now one of the moderators of r/btc, has done a post about a conspiracy theory to manipulate people into buying a narrative that ostracises majority hash. We have seen this happen before in r/bitcoin. The same exact trolling technique that was originally used to divide Bitcoin (BTC) into Bitcoin Cash (BCH), is now being used by Bitcoin SV. Craig Wright was always against the split of Bitcoin Cash, he was preparing for a takeover of BTC with hash which would have blocked Segwit as well. Jihan wanted the split. Again, you are doing propaganda. Reply share report
2	CatatonicAdenosine	4	Roger Ver is pushing protocol changes against majority hash But SV doesn't have majority hash. And even if they did now, it means nothing if they don't have majority has during the fork. Reply share report
2	grmpfpff	6	If this "assitance" was genuine then how come the screenshot was leaked by Craig himself? What kind of lame proof is that supposed to be for a fake? "the receipient of the mail published the content, and the companies news site picked the story up, so it must be propaganda and fake"? Roger Ver is pushing protocol changes against majority hash. What do you know about majority hash? We don't know shit until the 15th and right now nchain doesn't have majority in anything. No majority in business support, no majority in mining support. No majority in dev support. Craig Wright was always against the split of Bitcoin Cash Right, CSW wants to control Bitcoin Cash and hunt everyone down, block them, throw them to jail, who is not on his side. Reply share report
2	DOGEcoinDark	1	Man that email and his tweets are often just him as a drunk Aussie. That f-off is a term of endearment. Effing sensitive Americans. Reply share report
1	amorpisseur	0	Why does r/btc feels the need to see a conspiracy in everything. It's a valid possibility that non r/btc people moved on to other things no? Reply share report
1	evilrobotted	-2	Would could come to the exact aame conclusion by switching SV and ABC in this statement. Reply share report
1	scotty321	1	· edited 10 hours ago Totally 1,000% agree with this post. 1,000% agree. That's 10 times more than 100%. This is TOTALLY 100% ACCURATE, and it's not even conspiracy. It's truth. EDIT: I was being sincere in this comment, not sarcastic. My passion didn't come across properly, because I worded it wrongly. Reply share report
2	YouCanWhat	Redditor for less than 30 days 2	That is one of the funnier earnest comments I have read. Reading it as sarcasm is pretty good, like making fun of anyone that claims to be sure about it. But seeing as it is earnest, just so intense that it strayed all the way into parody territory is pretty impressive. Of course, if it turns out to be earnest sarcasm disguised as earnest passion it wins bonus points. Reply share report
2	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 1	The passive aggressiveness is strong with this one. Reply share report
3	scotty321	3	I was actually being sincere, not sarcastic. But now I can see how my comment sounded like I was making fun of you, which I wasn't doing at all. I was actually being EXTREMELY PASSIONATE & yelling fervently in my comment & practically jumping up & down... because I was trying to figure out how to state the same thing in my own r/btc post on this topic, but you said it way better than I could have. But now, reading my comment above 30 minutes later, I can see how my comment sounds sarcastic. I was actually being sincere. I totally agree with you, and you summed it up in your post better than I ever could have in my own post. Sorry for the miscommunication... this is one of those times where if I said the same thing above verbally, you would've understood that I was being sincere & passionate. But once I wrote it down the same way it would've came out of my mouth, you can't hear my tone anymore. Reply share report
1	ebaley	1	And theDao was Bitcoin fans fault also. /s Reply share report
1	ethswagholder	1	Lmao pure comedy from the bcash trolls, loving this Reply share report
1	CatatonicMan	1	I think you're wearing too much tin foil. Reply share report
1	PreviousClothing	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	Wow this is some higher level conspiracy thinking. Reply share report
1	Pust_is_a_soletaken	1	Not only that...but I'm pretty sure GMax is actually 75% reptilian! Reply share report
1	tralxz	1	That's very true. Core shills are now shilling SV. Anyone with even 1 brain cell should understand what that means... SV is an attack! Reply share report
1	oceaniax	0	Whatever insane conspiracy theories you want to believe in, go ahead. It's not like any reasonable argument is going to deter you from a narrative you've already written in your head as fact. Reply share report
1	kingcolex	-6	
1	DOGEcoinDark	0	Fooled? Some people don't want canonical transaction ordering, but also don't want his patents. Both have problems! Reply share report
1	bchbtch	0	Of course you are going to say it. Reply share report
1	HolyBits	0	No. Reply share report
1	Ignoramix	0	bullshite .. troll techniques #1 - say the opposite is true no ABC radical changes are not a contentious hard fork, SV is no ABC proof of social media campaign, is not blockstream style manipulation, nChain doing that you know, coming to r/btc less often now, which is a shame. Used to enjoy the technical discussions, but now mostly public relations by some other name. Reply share report
2	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 0	Don't let the door hit you on the way out, concern troll. Reply share report
3	Ignoramix	0	For a moderator, that's amazingly stupid to say, for a troll it's just what you'd expect Reply share report
4	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 0	Thanks for participating! Reply share report
5	Ignoramix	1	👍 no more shilling, ideas not people Reply share report
1	Uvas23	0	Yea! I couldn't possibly be anything else other than a conspiracy! Reply share report
1	jky__	-1	I hope after this is all over that the Bcash community will forgive CSW and welcome him back as a community leader, it's very beneficial that CSW is front and center of Bcash 👍 Reply share report
2	DrGarbinsky	3	That is the dumbest thing I've read on the internet in the last 13 minutes Reply share report
3	jky__	0	thanks I try to tailor my posts to fit right in at r/btc Reply share report
1	i0X	-7	
1	bobbybitcoins	Redditor for less than 60 days -1	It's interesting that people are drawing parallels to Blockstream and Core, but I think they have it backwards. ABC/Roger/Jihan are trying to force their roadmap onto miners and users, and potentially change Bitcoin fundamentally. CSW wants to restore Bitcoin to its original state. Yet CSW is the Blockstream equivalent? Reply share report
1	etherbid	-5	
1	CryptoshiStackamoto	0	/subscribed Reply share report
1	BriefCoat	Redditor for less than 6 months 0	How did they get his emails and why should we believe they didn't just invent them? Edit: I mean Greg's email Reply share report
1	theSentryandtheVoid	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	You conspiracy theorists are retarded. Reply share report
1	Starkgaryen69	-7	
1	Giusis	-3	Conspirception! If anything this sub has became fun to read. Reply share report
1	Der_Bergmann	-3	> THIS IS THE SAME ATTACK FROM BLOCKSTREAM, IN DISGUISE. When did Blockstream wanted to have a hashwar instead of PoSM + exchange lettering? When did Blockstream say Bitcoin should not be changed because it works like it is? Reply share report
2	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 3	Blockstream wants a weakened BCH (destroyed preferably), and they have wanted this ever since BCH forked away. Reply share report
3	mejuwi1	-1	Blockstream sees btrash entirely as a joke lmao. However, feel free to believe whatever makes you sleep better at night Reply share report
4	BitcoinIsTehFuture	Moderator - Bitcoin Cash! 1	Knowing there are people like you makes me sleep better at night. Reply share report
2	Zectro	1	When did Blockstream say Bitcoin should not be changed because it works like it is? They said no hard forks should be allowed and all needed functionality could be added on the second-layer. That's not dissimilar from what nChain has said about how Bitcoin should not be changed and all needed functionality could be added on the second layer. Reply share report
1	MathSquare	-6	
1	mtrycz	-2	It's not only Greg backing them up (which could be a trojan horse into BSV or against BCH). It's that they endorse it. I love Greg. I don't know if he's just sloppy or if he's trying to warn us while at the gunpoint, but he's able to point the BCH spotlight in the right directions (for example the bottlenecks in the sept 1 stresstest) Reply share report
2	Bitcoin-1	2	You mean the bottlenecks created by his code. Reply share report
3	mtrycz	1	Doesn't matter, he pointed us exactly to the lines of code where the bottleneck lies, saving literally days of dev work. It's a net positive. He writes to CSW and Ayre saying his goals align with theirs. Eveyone can see then that they are all after destroying bitcoin. It's a net positive. I mean, it's not improbable that he's blackmailed or threatened by a state (like Todd) and that hu must play their game, but sometimes makes a random act of "sloppiness", with "plausible deniability", that's a net positive of bitcoin. Reply share report
1	brax_notlley	Redditor for less than 30 days -1	ouf if this is true maybe i support Blockstream now they are playing chess and Bitcoin Cash community playing checkers in business most ruthless win Reply share report
2	zcc0nonA	1	this makes no sense, blockstream is known for underhanded tactics and selling themselves as someone who had control of bitcoin development. blockstream has no prodcut, all they p[roduct is onlu trolling Reply share report
1	KingofKens	-1	stupid Reply share report
1	myquidproquo	-7	
1	btcbastard	-10	


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vf7fx/bitcoin_xt_release_k_is_available_for_linux_mac/
	42 Posted byu/rdar1999 5 hours ago Bitcoin XT release K is available for Linux, Mac, and Windows. Supports the upcoming ABC fork and BIP135 for future forking changes. twitter.com/dgenr8... 4 Comments Share Save 82% Upvoted
1	newhampshire22	9	Hooray!!!! Reply share report
1	Zyoman	9	Bitcoin XT the father of the big block! Reply share report
1	AbsoluteObsolete	5	Sweet! firing up ye old hash machine for winter heat! Reply share report
1	nynjawitay	3	Cool. I cry a little every time I see the version number letter though. Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vdces/real_power_is_quiet/
	78 Posted byu/Twoehy 9 hours ago Real Power is quiet I don't know that Craig is full of crap about waging a two year hash war and destroying BCH, etc. etc. But I have a pretty good idea. Why? It's pretty simple. People who can back up their threats don't need to shout. Often they don't even need to make the threat. They just show you the proof that they can do what they say and let you decide how to act, because either way, they are in control. Craig doesn't seem like a man in control of the situation. I have a lot of reasons to believe that the upcoming "war" is going to be more of a skirmish: Jihan Wu has a vested economic interest in the success of bitcoin, and if anyone on the planet can bring overwhelming hashpower to bear at a moment's notice it's him, not Craig. There actually IS consensus. Craig and Calvin aside it feels like EVERYONE is, at the very least, willing to go along with the ABC upgrade. Maybe CTOR will turn out to be a waste and lead to technical debt, but even the people that don't think it's a great idea acknowledge that even worst case scenario CTOR won't destroy BCH. You can't fool all of the people all of the time - Craig seems desperate to frighten people away from BCH, probably because it's the only way he'll have enough hashpower to compete. If the coin appreciates hashpower will increase and his share of global hash goes down. But people can also see him for what he is, and they're waking up to it. Yeah, it's possible that he's playing some 4 dimensional chess, and doing a bad job of looking strong to trick people into thinking he's weak while he actually has a gajillion warehouses just waiting to come online and there's some secret goal to all of this that is yet to be revealed...but I don't think so. I think he's exactly what he looks like - frightened, weak, and willing to say and do anything at this point to stay relevant. I wonder a bit what Calvin is going to do, because I'm not sure what the nature of his relationship with Craig is, or how financially committed he is to this particular fork. My guess is that he'll abandon ship pretty quick if things aren't going their way, after all, he doesn't have everything riding on BSV the way that Craig does. In the meantime, I just keep reminding myself that it was never going to be a straight path to global adoption, and in many ways we are lucky that we have a front row seat, and a tiny voice in the outcome. 29 Comments Share Save 86% Upvoted
1	tralxz	10	Exactly. CSW is loud because he is desperate. He is about to be gone from BCH community. So no wonder the psycho is ranting so much... Reply share report
2	hhtoavon	1	Reminds me of 1meg, jr and toddler....yet everyone forgets Gavin Reply share report
1	Zyoman	9	Craig doesn't seem like a man in control of the situation. Indeed, he look like someone that is desperate ready for threat & insult rather than reason and arguments. I think he is bluffing! If you don't think he Satoshi, why would you think he got 1 millions BTC and BCH? By definition they cannot be that much people with 1 millions of those! Reply share report
2	Sk8eM	2	All warfare is based on deception. Hence, when able to attack, we must seem unable; when using our forces, we must seem inactive; when we are near, we must make the enemy believe we are far away; when far away, we must make him believe we are near. Hold out baits to entice the enemy. Feign disorder, and crush him. If he is secure at all points, be prepared for him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is of choleric temper, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant. If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected. Reply share report
2	J_A_Bankster	-6	
1	CityBusDriverBitcoin	16	People who can back up their threats don't need to shout. 100% agree Great post :) Reply share report
2	chainxor	3	Proof of Threats - POT /s Reply share report
1	PM_ME_TIPPR	Redditor for less than 60 days 3	I wonder a bit what Calvin is going to do, because I'm not sure what the nature of his relationship with Craig is, or how financially committed he is to this particular fork. My guess is that he'll abandon ship pretty quick if things aren't going their way, after all, he doesn't have everything riding on BSV the way that Craig does. https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7sgvg6/coingeekcom_is_bringing_massive_amounts_of_hash/ Reply share report
2	Twoehy	2	I guess we know he has said he supports bsv and probably will out of the gate, I'm just not sure what kind of appetite he has for mining on a chain when it's unprofitable, or what sort of legal contracts they may have entered into that they didn't advertise. Reply share report
1	maff1989	10	Brilliant post. front row seat And the previews are just now coming on.. 😏🍿 Reply share report
1	dogbunny	2	Yeah, Craig is going to use his 1 million BTC to exercise control just like he did during the first fork.  Reply share report
1	cm18	2	When people bluster, they are trying to use the power of mind control. If, however, you're mind is strong and you've done your homework, you will not be swayed. Reply share report
1	linuxkernelhacker	2	Awesome post Reply share report
1	neolock	3	Summed up my thoughts nicely. I have strong reservations about ctor but will go with abc over CSW any day of the week. Reply share report
1	m8XnO2Cd345mPzA1	1	I guess we'll have to wait and see the outcome of the hash war. Reply share report
1	bobbybitcoins	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	People said similar things about Donald Trump before the 2016 election. This may be much closer than what people realise. At the end of the day it's going to come down to votes by hash power, not what the wider community thinks. Not many people are even considering what will happen if CSW really does win and retains the BCH ticker. Will you sell your BCH? Do you expect ABC to split? Reply share report
1	KingofKens	1	* Coin Split = No Global Adoption * My mom doesn’t know which fork is clean! * Do everything to avoid the split. Guys, let's make the global money together. Don't split the community. Reply share report
2	Twoehy	2	Well, right now, without replay protection there won't be (technically). But if the choices are do whatever CSW says because he's got a nuke and an itchy trigger finger, or ignore him and let come what may, I'll take my chances, if need be. Reply share report
2	x137cc	2	this hash war is idiocy. we don't need this wormhole crap bitmain is pushing. and craig is a megalomaniac. we are being manipulated and it feels like a sinking ship at point. Reply share report
1	jimbtc	0	Craig pretends to be mentally deranged slowly building up his level of mental derangement unit final week of BCH before the fork, going total batshit outrageous derangement that even Roget finally falls for it. And /r/btc all fall for it.... Craig & Calvin make a lot of money. Reply share report
2	Sk8eM	1	Don't forget SBI. They got a billion bucks waiting to buy up every coin when Roger and Jihan capitulate. Hopefully BTC is dead on the side of the road by the end of it. Reply share report
1	bobbybitcoins	Redditor for less than 60 days -1	I think SV has far more support than what people realise. Much of the noise is made by people who don't mine. Reply share report
1	unitedstatian	0	I wonder a bit what Calvin is going to do It won't make a dent in his wealth. Reply share report
1	whistlepig33	0	I have a lot of reasons to believe that the upcoming "war" is going to be more of a skirmish: I agree with you in regards to the battle referenced in his email to Roger.. but I think the people behind CSW represent the real war that will continue for the unforeseeable future as long as there are people with money and power and the interest in keeping and growing it. Reply share report
1	SpaceDuckTech	-2	"Jihan Wu has a vested economic interest in the success of bcash" Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vfb9e/lets_ignore_the_threats_and_evaluate_the_data/
	41 Posted byu/sayurichick 5 hours ago Let's ignore the threats and evaluate the data. i.imgur.com/yVqZbB... 32 Comments Share Save 79% Upvoted
1	xman5	8	Also if you look the pools on the left... and think how much SHA256 hash power they really have... it's no competition at all. Reply share report
2	fyfiul7	2	But...The amount of noise made by ABC supporters seem to paint a diff picture, as if it is not a non issue. Reply share report
3	xman5	1	· edited 9 minutes ago It could be an issue if they try to attack BCH network. If they just compete with hashpower without attacking it's a non issue... but CSW made claims he would attack with everything he has, he threatens to ban addresses and what not. I'm not worried but it's still good to be prepared in case a madman strikes with all his force (if he has any at all). I don't know why he just doesn't fork out peacefully. I pledge to his supporters to just fork and don't listen to him. I'm not against SV. But people that join CSW in an eventual attack, should know, they would hit unsuspecting people. Ordinary people could lose money because of CSW reckless behaviour. It's not anymore about the technical implementation I can't support a man that threatens to destroy Bitcoin, if the things don't go his way. The bad part is... I can't support him ever... anymore. He just crossed some boundaries that should not be crossed, ever... doesn't matter who you are. Reply share report
1	KosinusBCH	9	What will really happen on Nov 15th: Craig and his marry band of Calvin Klein-funded miners will fork off with their less than 50% hashpower, BTC miners that all run ABC nodes will switch over and fill in the space he left. At this point he will need to somehow match or at the very least get close to full BCH hashpower, or Calvin will cut him into little pieces and spread him across the atlantic ocean for wasting all of his time and money. And even then, if some magical unicorn farts out enough hashpower for SV to win or he somehow manages to get BCH price to zero so miner incentives are screwed, Bitmain has enough of a vested interest in BCH's success to bring some of their fresh 28TH miners into the equation, and win anyways. Reply share report
2	BeakMeat	Redditor for less than 60 days 2	I don't know shit about shit, but I am going to guess that CSW has a multi-pronged attack at the ready. Flood the market to kill the price, use hash to support SV fork, and launch some sort of DDOS-ish thing at the same time? Also, he has said he is willing to do this in a prolonged fashion - so maybe things get off a little slower than currently expected... Very curious. As a person with no BCH, ergo no horse in the race, I'm just popping up a big ole bowl at this point. Reply share report
1	matein30	6	Guys don't trust the poloniex data, volume is very low and can be played by CSW easily. It needs at least 100K volume. Reply share report
1	DecentralizeMe	4	· edited 3 hours ago And node compatibility Link: https://cash.coin.dance/nodes#nodeVersions Reply share report
1	caveden	3	It's the price that really matters. Hashpower adapts to it. Reply share report
2	jimbtc	2	In a rational game yes. Look at CSW's Twitter feed - do you think he's being rational? Reply share report
1	tralxz	3	Byeeee craig. Reply share report
1	maff1989	8	inb4 "PoSM is a failure! #ABCore #UASF" Reply share report
2	etherael	1	To be fair, I think it was potentially a mistake for /u/memorydealers to have actually said he'd follow ABC regardless of what the hashpower indicated. It opens him up to a charge of hypocrisy relative to what happened with BTC, and unnecessarily so, as if nakamoto consensus is actually correct, the best fork should win out. And if it's not, then what are we even doing here in the first place? This is doubly so in light of the fact that it doesn't look like there's any chance SV actually wins the hash war and now CSW has taken to threatening simple barratry instead of his previous blockchain tampering stance. Reply share report
1	michelfo	2	The thing though is that since the two chains are following different rules, they'll split regardless of the hash rate. That said, if SV miners intend to attack the BCH-ABC chain effectively by orphaning blocks with transactions they don't like as Craig seems to announce, SV miners will need need to have 50% of the hash rate devoted to BCH-ABC. It doesn't look like they have it according to this. But to tell everything they need a lot more than 50% because they'll want to devote some of it to maintain the SV chain too. Reply share report
2	jimbtc	0	But to tell everything they need a lot more than 50% No. They only need 50.1% Why dedicate to their own chain when they can just mine compatible empty blocks? Reply share report
3	matein30	2	Unless somebody starts to attack his chain, while ABC drains missing hash from BTC. Reply share report
4	jimbtc	0	The only way to attack "his chain" is to start mining SV only (i.e non empty with OP_MUL or breaking CTOR) blocks on his chain with more total accumulated PoW than the empty-block chain. What does the market see? A compatible chain full of empty blocks (this is the ABC chain, and can be the SV chain again at any moment). A SV-only chain. SV has survived the fork, ABC hasn't done anything. Reply share report
5	matein30	2	Whatever he is doing ABC can be done to his chain. A SV-only chain full of empty blocks. Reply share report
6	jimbtc	-1	Yes if ABC pockets are as big as SV pockets they can do that. How many ABC miners are 100% dedicated to BCH? Reply share report
7	matein30	2	When homeland is attacked you call back your solders. And sometimes counter attack to the invading country. BTC is a short term profit play. Reply share report
8	jimbtc	-1	BTC is a short term profit play. Q1: Who benefits from this "profit play" Jihan BTC Jihan & BTC Q2: Is a benefit to BTC normally detrimental to BCH in its quest to become dominant world-money ? Yes No Reply share report
3	michelfo	2	That could work. But... mining compatible empty blocks would mean the SV chain is filled with empty blocks too. Does that lead anywhere? They could also try to mine non-empty compatible blocks, respecting CTOR while postponing chained transactions to future blocks when CTOR and the old rules disagree on the order. That could work if executed well. But they'll also have to reject transactions using the opcodes that were reactivated in SV to avoid splitting the chain. So if the SV miners wish to stall things for everyone, 50.1% might be enough. Otherwise there'll be a split and they'll need a majority on both chains to be in control. Reply share report
4	jimbtc	0	· edited 1 hour ago That could work. But... mining compatible empty blocks would mean the SV chain is filled with empty blocks too. Does that lead anywhere? Yes, it leads to those who are 100% dedicated to BCH with their mining power (regardless of cost) to win. They could also try to mine non-empty compatible blocks, respecting CTOR while postponing chained transactions to future blocks when CTOR and the old rules disagree on the order. What are the incentives to do this? A few $ in TX fees Making it look (to the market) like ABC is mining blocks It's a lot more complicated too - one simple error could screw everything up. It's a lot easier to just mine empty blocks and that is a clear signal to the market to start dumping, which makes the game easier. Reply share report
1	slbbb	2	If you think any futures market is 100% true, Trump had 80:1 odds to win the day before the elections. It's just gambling. Obviously with good information you can make good money out of it, but don't think it's trigger for future events Reply share report
1	steve_m0	1	Add in the 1.26 Exahash for the 90,000 S9 being added to antpool. Reply share report
1	T3nsK10n3D3lTa03	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	The game is called hide the hash. Read Sun Tzu Art of War. You're also not adding okminer and Other Mining Pools to the SV alliance. Reply share report
1	jimbtc	-5	
1	Parker08	-4	Well I am glad that you seem to support miner vote. But I did hear a rumor that okminer is supporting SV and for example Jack c Liao is a big SV supporter. If you then consider the rest of the identifying pools then they would actually have higher % compared to known ABC pools, ignoring the "other", which looks rather ominous. This is assuming all other identifying pools are for ABC, which may not be true. People have been hiding hash rate, and I would put my bets more on the "other" % belonging to SV than to ABC. There is likely hash rate hiding on Core as well, and people won't be showing all their cards until it is time. Whatever happens I hope we can all agree to follow miner vote as the whitepaper describes. Reply share report
2	pein_sama	9	Jack C. Liu denied he is connected to okminer. Reply share report
3	Parker08	-9	


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9v9um9/a_letter_from_csw_to_roger_ver/
	205 Posted byu/fromaratom 15 hours ago A letter from CSW to Roger Ver 161 Comments Share Save 87% Upvoted
1	fromaratom	47	Taken from here at 1:51 mark. It ends with "F**k you" (Bitcoin logo overlaps the phrase) Reply share report
2	Sir_Shibes	20	https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychopathy Reply share report
3	Praid	9	I'm no psychologist but isn't it almost certain that he is a psychopath? I mean being psychopath is not completely rare I think 1-2% of all people are psychopaths and he fits the description pretty accurately. Reply share report
4	Der_Bergmann	17	psychopaths are able to control their emotions (if they have some). Ending a letter with f**k you is rather typical for drunken narcissts. Reply share report
5	Spartacus_Nakamoto	0	Or flipping off the camera? Reply share report
4	logicisdedd	6	Psychopathy is not even a real disorder in the DSM. It's just a word people throw around towards people they don't like. It's a safe assumption that anybody calling him a psychopath is completely unqualified to make such an assessment. He is still a shitbag though, and I feel that I, a non-psychologist, am more than qualified to make that assessment. Reply share report
4	scotty321	4	Yep. Rick Falkvinge explains in this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zkg_-_HwRcI Reply share report
4	pyalot	3	Narcissism is often coupled with other personality disorders and carries a higher risk of suicide. He should probably commit himself in the interest of his life expectancy. Reply share report
4	Sir_Shibes	2	i would say so - https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/6lnzs0/and_all_of_a_sudden_csws_mom_is_the_real_hero_of/ Reply share report
3	calibitcoin	1	So is “core” still evil for parting ways with this nutsack years ago? Reply share report
4	fromaratom	28	Core is evil for keeping blocks full and trying to paint it as a good thing. Reply share report
5	calibitcoin	0	If you disagree fine but the consistent use of the word “evil” discredits many arguments you have against core. Especially if you can prove that they are not “evil” but rather different than you prefer. Hope BCH community learns something from the CSW debacle Reply share report
6	metalbrushes	6	If you disagree fine but the consistent use of the word “evil” discredits many arguments you have against core. Especially if you can prove that they are not “evil” but rather different than you prefer. Exact same thing can be said about the word “scam” being thrown around even when something is provably not a “scam” but rather different than what you prefer. Reply share report
7	calibitcoin	3	I completely agree. It’s hypocritical when so-called libertarian core supporters say BCH is a scam and shouldn’t exist. On the other hand, core disavowed everything to do with CSW (the scammer) and BCH championed him for a long time, Roger included in that. They promoted CSW and vilified “evil core”. So BCH aligned with a scammer, got scammed and is now complaining about developing a label as a scam coin. Just sayin Reply share report
8	fromaratom	7	Core hated him for other reasons (supporting big blocks). If he was a small blocker, Core would be glad to have him. Big blocks aligned with BCH community, so many of us gave him a benefit of the doubt or support. Especially since he promised a lot of cool tech for BCH. His ideas aligned with ours. But then he started with patent trolling, censorship in blocks, threats and profanities all along. That's where we part ways. Exactly like Roger - we have been fooled and we admit it. I never personally "supported" CSW, but I gave him benefit of the doubt, but that doesn't change the fact that his current ideals (patent trolling, censorship in blocks, threats to amass the power to stop the blockchain) are HUGELY misaligned with my views. Reply share report
8	metalbrushes	6	I don’t think there is anything wrong with giving someone the “benefit of the doubt” however when the cold facts are starring you in the face, if you continue to say that “it’s fine, nothing scammy or evil going on here” then that’s when there is a big problem. The fact that the BCH community gave the benefit of the doubt then later after seeing the true colours of CW were able to swallow pride and say they were wrong in believing anything CW had to say, only stands testament to the level of maturity and level headed growth the BCH community is capable of embracing. On the other hand, the btc maximalists closing their eyes and plugging their ears as to what blockstream and company are doing..... Just sayin ;) Reply share report
6	Sir_Shibes	1	i certainly hope so, too Reply share report
5	braitacc	-3	False they wanted segwit which raised the cap to 4mb and it was delayed by 2 years by jihan and ver. Reply share report
4	Neutral_User_Name	4	I have to admit, the sacking of Gavin for believing he found Satodhi was more than justified (from their point of view): it made total sense. They dodge a giant bullet! (that is not an endorsement of Core, that being said) Reply share report
2	Spartan3123	1	Lol I would laugh so hard if people take control of his sv coin.... Reply share report
1	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 87	· edited 15 hours ago That email is complete insanity from someone who has lost all touch with reality. He wants to be King so bad, and will do anything to make it happen. Reply share report
2	BifocalComb	14	Wait.. This is real? Reply share report
3	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 8	Yes. Reply share report
4	BifocalComb	11	Jesus. This is like 5th grade me when I went to the bathroom and someone stole a gusher at lunch. What a child lol Reply share report
2	fromaratom	15	We're going back, live! If @jihanwu, @Rogerver & ABC devs want to make #Permissionless Kiddie porn sites.. ... This is the ONLY real use case they have and it is not happening! Written by a 48 years old PhD Because that's exactly what Roger Ver said. His exact intention all along was to build Kiddie porn sites. I think "who has lost all touch with reality" describes it pretty well... Reply share report
3	libertarian0x0	Redditor for less than 6 months 17	CSW is obssesed with legality and permission. He wants his own permissioned chain, where he can censor txs and theft UTXOs at discretion. Reply share report
4	mtrycz	2	Why not investing in Liquid, then? Reply share report
5	libertarian0x0	Redditor for less than 6 months 2	Liquid is supossed to be pegged to BTC. You cannot invest in Liquid unless blockstream allows you to run a validator. Reply share report
3	mtrycz	5	BUT THINK OF THE CHILDREN!!!* Reply share report
3	pyalot	1	PhD in theology. Reply share report
2	crypt0crook	12	Yea, that shit is cringe. In a way I feel for Ver, knowing that there is some high functioning sociopath out here on the loose, roaming the world, with lots of coin and resources, sending him messages like this lol That shit ain't no joke. It would stress me out lol Reply share report
2	pyalot	5	No, you've got that wrong. For years he's been building this web of lies and now he starts to believe them himself. In his mind he's already godking supreme leader. He's clearly gone off the rails completely, and I don't mean that as a joke. In the interest of his life expectancy he should commit himself, mental problems like that left untreated have a high chance to end in suicide. Much as I would never want to hear from him again, he doesn't deserve to die for his probably treatable problems. CSW deserves our pity and professional help. Reply share report
2	n1nj4_v5_p1r4t3	1	There are even, like, grammar errors. Reply share report
2	juscamarena	1	Same insanity that your boss believed CSW was satoshi for months!! Greg is insane if it's real, but he's probably trolling or wasn't him.... Reply share report
2	heuristicpunch	-25	
2	Der_Bergmann	-11	
2	juscamarena	-6	
1	bitmeister	26	Given the posts I've read by Satoshi, CSW sounds nothing like him. This is more like iambic pentameter with Tourettes. Reply share report
1	YOLOSwag_McFartnut	21	This guy needs to seek help, seriously. Reply share report
1	NachoKong	43	A favorite preacher of mine named Charles Spugeon once said (when speaking of loud boastful Christians) that the noisiest truck going down the bumpy road is always the most empty one. All bark. No bite. Call his bluff and be done with him. The CW truck is empty. His mouth is a gun with no amo. Reply share report
2	jessquit	15	My Dad said it more simply, "empty wagons rattle." Reply share report
2	liquidify	7	He keeps coming back even after be proven a fraud over and again. What would cause him to leave this time? Reply share report
1	jessquit	18	WE DO NOT NEGOTIATE WITH TERRORISTS Reply share report
2	Der_Bergmann	0	WE SHOOT OURSELVE SO THE TERRORISTS HAVE NOTHING LEFT TO BOMB Reply share report
1	jonald_fyookball	45	Totally Satoshi. I mean this sounds like just the kind of thing Satoshi would say. To the T. No doubt in mind we're dealing with the legit creator of Bitcoin here. Reply share report
2	shadowofashadow	28	Maybe Satoshi felt his mind was slipping so he destroyed his keys knowing he was going to one day become a blowhard shithead? Reply share report
3	frozen124	Redditor for less than 60 days 10	🤣 Reply share report
2	KayRice	8	This time he claimed he was Satoshi and didn't even provide the fake signatures. Is that "better" than last time? 🤣 Reply share report
2	TiagoTiagoT	2	I think you dropped this: /s Reply share report
2	Ant-n	2	https://reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9uxpy2/a_writing_style_comparaison_between_csw_and/ You can definitely see similarities in style between CSW and SN.. /s Reply share report
2	Neutral_User_Name	1	I tagged you up as a troll. joke Reply share report
1	fromaratom	17	· edited 15 hours ago "Remember, that anything predators are saying are made up on the spot. They are trying a bait out of impulse..." EDIT: Wrong time code in link Reply share report
2	SleepingKernel	Redditor for less than 60 days 0	We'll soon see if he was all talk for the next few months. As long as ABC wins the hash war there's not really any issue in all this. Reply share report
1	whalestream	Redditor for less than 2 weeks 33	Faketoshi having yet another toddler tantrum. Whoopie doooooo. Reply share report
1	getrich_or_diemining	Redditor for less than 60 days 7	i think craig is asking an 11 year old who just lost a clan match on call of duty to write his emails for him Reply share report
1	WeaponizedMath	7	Lol, you could have had truth. What an asshole. Flush him and let's move forward Reply share report
1	Jbergene	15	Haha this was gold. Had a great laugh. If I were Roger I would literally fall of my chair in full laughter. Reply share report
2	vitriolic_amalgamati	7	But also, get some canned food just in case Reply share report
2	CityBusDriverBitcoin	-2	What if it's true ? :) Reply share report
3	Jbergene	2	I actually don't doubt that it's true. But it's hilarious. A guy claiming he's Satoshi writes this. It could just as well been, seeing all the things he posts on his Twitter page. Reply share report
1	ureindanger	10	What kind of drugs is CSW into, I wanna try those. Reply share report
2	cryptonaut420	7	Definitely a lot of cocaine Reply share report
2	simon-v	6	My wife keeps telling me he's got a substances abuse problem. I always respond that it's not nice to say those kind of things about people. I'm slowly running out of arguments against, though. Reply share report
3	getrich_or_diemining	Redditor for less than 60 days 8	he is an alcoholic. he as all the tell tail signs of a functioning alcoholic, especially the anger and brash foolish decisions destroying relationships, which he later regrets, and then drinks more to cover over the self loathing, and repeats Reply share report
1	cm18	16	More proof that CSW is fake Satoshi. Would Satoshi ever pen such a letter. CSW is a fraud. Reply share report
2	stos313	1	Of course not. Satoshi was a profit sent by the ancient gods to deliver us from bankers. He is infallible. He is perfection. He will return to show us the way, and crush the false ones! Do you hear oh great one?! Every night I call to you with my arms raised and heart open, waiting for a sign! Waiting for your return from the heavens on your chariot of light! Seriously though, CSW is a jagoff. Reply share report
1	durascrub	4	I think his base of support is a lot smaller than it would seem. Some people may also gloss over his shortcomings because he has a message that speaks to them. Forget for a moment that he is a pathological liar who insists on fabricating his academic credentials, his claims of being Satoshi, and his toxic desire for power and winning at all costs...you get a very assertive voice who wants the same thing that we all want: A global, digital currency that serves both the wealthy elite and the lowliest paupers. If that is all you want to hear and you are either insulated from his true intentions or naive enough to believe him, then CSW is the best thing since sliced bread. At this point he reminds of that video where a dog is running around with a lit firecracker in its mouth. Reply share report
1	DylanKid	11	Pay close attention to Craig's writing style. Single sentence paragraph, blunt and short. Then contrast that with satoshis writings. This guy couldn't be further from satoshi. Reply share report
2	TiagoTiagoT	1	Could still be a member of the Satoshi collective that did not interact much with the general public. There is a big chance we will never know for sure either way. Reply share report
1	Zyoman	17	Did he sign the message with PGP key? Satoshi was doing it all the time. Reply share report
2	KayRice	24	Faketoshi signs with invalid hashes. Reply share report
2	chriswheeler	7	Satoshi was doing it all the time. Can you link me to an email (or any message) Satoshi signed with his PGP key? Reply share report
3	jonas_h	7	Afaik he never did sign anything. Reply share report
3	shadowofashadow	3	Huh, I thought this was just a given but I think you're right. People must be conflating signing messages with his original forum account he used to post under I think. https://bitcoin-development.narkive.com/bQ54N7i4/bitcoin-development-does-anyone-have-anything-at-all-signed-by-satoshi-s-pgp-key Reply share report
2	nynjawitay	3	I don’t think this is true. Reply share report
1	mrreddit	8	Why isnt craig mad at blockstream? Reply share report
2	bitmegalomaniac	0	He probably is (and at everyone else, including YOU). Those guys dismissed him as a fake years ago though, so Craig is probably over that (for the moment) Reply share report
1	ecafyelims	6	Is this real and really from CSW? I know the guy is a loon, but this seems to be over-the-top satire. Reply share report
2	durascrub	11	Skim through his twitter. This is him on a good day. Reply share report
3	ecafyelims	6	Why do people idolize him? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills. Reply share report
4	libertarian0x0	Redditor for less than 6 months 10	Because they want to break BCH. Reply share report
5	ecafyelims	1	but he was idolized even before BCH existed. Maybe some people just want to see the world burn. Reply share report
2	TiagoTiagoT	1	Poe's Law strikes again... Reply share report
1	bitmeister	3	Not even his tantrum makes any sense. Reply share report
1	lazarus_free	4	Grabs popcorn Reply share report
1	frozen124	Redditor for less than 60 days 2	Full retard. Reply share report
1	mrcrypto2	2	If it was BTC vs CSW+BCH, I still would have followed the BCH branch. But ABC+BCH vs CSW+BCH....fuck no, I'll take ABC. CSW is super unprofessional. Reply share report
1	47763cd8-4e43-4a75-8	2	CSW is a manchild with severe mental issues. That has been my thoughts about him since he first decided to enter the scene several years ago with a 100% fake LinkedIn profile. He behaves, presents himself and writes *nothing* like the real Satoshi. edit: even though i think he has severe mental issues i offer him zero sympathy; because i'm confident he knows he's a twat Reply share report
1	rattie_ok	2	Like I'm watching a bad anime. Reply share report
2	PeppermintPig	1	Hitting too close to home for you, is it? :)  Think of your honor, Satoshi senpai!!!! Reply share report
1	wombleh	2	I'm Satoshi and so's my wife Reply share report
1	throwaway028888	2	"Fuck you, Craig" lmaoooo Reply share report
1	fiah84	2	I wonder how the truly deluded CSW sycophants are going to try to spin this Reply share report
1	cbeast	3	This would have been believable in OP_RETURN using Satoshi's keys. Reply share report
1	money78	2	Hahahahaha WTF's wrong with this guy!! Now he's sending personal threats via emails!!!! Reply share report
1	prosart	2	How does Roger know that this email is actually from Craig? What evidence is there that it's legitimate? Reply share report
1	CityBusDriverBitcoin	3	You guys will see what happen when Satoshi gets mad. You guys ready ? :) Reply share report
2	MaximumInflation	Redditor for less than 2 weeks 6	Is this full billionaire mode? Reply share report
3	CityBusDriverBitcoin	0	This is what im expecting Reply share report
1	mtrycz	1	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLZubB22edw Reply share report
1	AuroraSCII	1	Please help me. Who are these people? Reply share report
1	b44rt	1	He is closer to being the Anti-Satoshi lol Reply share report
1	PapiPoseidon	1	What happend?!?! I know that Bitcoin cash is going to have a hard fork to ABC and SV, but what is the reason of the fork. Reply share report
1	rodeopenguin	1	What is he even threatening to do in this email? Reply share report
1	addiscoin	1	Very professional. Reply share report
1	SRSLovesGawker	1	This loon is completely unhinged. I'm not a fan of the shilling and douchery that's been going on in the sub lately, but no rational person would want to trust their money to someone that unbalanced, let alone treat the future of money itself to that. Reply share report
1	bcloud71	1	LOL. CSW is desperate now. He's afraid being fired by nChain. Reply share report
1	cunicula3	1	Fucking drama queen. Reply share report
1	Qui-Gon-Bit	1	/r/iamverybadass Reply share report
1	TiagoTiagoT	1	How someone so prone to self-destructive outburst like that managed to get anywhere in life? Has Craig always been like this, I mean, to this extent, or is there a chance he might be getting drugged without his knowledge to gradually make him mentally imbalanced? Reply share report
1	justbeyourselfman	1	Lol. So wasn’t CSW somewhat accepted by this community for a while? I’ve been out of the crypto space since the downturn(been involved since 2011) but this is looking messy. What’s the deal? Reply share report
1	Mangalz	1	Thats not even good enough to be a copypasta... Reply share report
1	cbuchner1	1	Such kind words, very well spoken this guy. He should run for presidency.  Reply share report
1	Essexal	-4	It was only ~6 months ago that this sub was calling CSW the Messiah. Reply share report
1	ThePiachu	0	Man, what a narcissistic asshole... Reply share report
1	jimbtc	-22	
1	asaccin	-1	Both of these guys need to grow the fuck up. Reply share report
2	PeppermintPig	4	Why, does Craig have multiple personalities? Reply share report
1	chockablockchain	-1	Someone for goodness sake tip me some bch so I can play a part in this war Reply share report
1	samprotrader	-5	
1	SleepingKernel	Redditor for less than 60 days -2	At least now we know what he meant with "2 years. That is my limit for now, No sale unless this ends or it remaims bitcoin" in his tweet. https://twitter.com/ProfFaustus/status/1058432545245655040 What he meant with "Any DSV spend will eventually be blacklisted on SV." was explained here: https://medium.com/@craig_10243/bitcoin-is-all-about-incentives-72894518f6b5 Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vefsd/that_csw_guy_is_losing_it_you_can_see_it_live_on/
	28 Posted byu/uiuyiuyo Redditor for less than 60 days7 hours ago That CSW guy is losing it. You can see it live on Twitter with his need to constantly post. When someone can't stop posting, non-stop, many times a day, about the most irrelevant stuff that somehow proves them right, it's a clear sign that they are getting desperate and grasping at everything to try and seem like they are in control. CSW is desperate. He's upset. He's trying to put on a face of confidence. It's hilarious. Guy who claims he's Satoshi and can't prove it, now losing his shit on Twitter. 17 Comments Share Save 69% Upvoted
1	coin-master	19	Maybe Calvin is thinking about to stop wasting his money on CSW? Reply share report
2	tralxz	9	Hahhaa oh man.. only couple days left. Explains why CSW is so desperate. Reply share report
2	Zyoman	6	The idea to jump out ship surely is passing in his head. That will be even more obvious once SV failed both community (already lost the BCH ticket) and hashwise. I just don't see how SV can double hashrate in 5 days. Reply share report
2	lcvella	3	The sad thing is: he will probably take the fall, regroup a few months later, announce some new crazy innovative cryptocurrency shit, and people will still buy it. The supply for new gullible targets ready to be fooled is infinite. Reply share report
3	Contrarian__	3	This is exactly right. He left in disgrace after his fake signing, only to re-emerge in a new form. If it’s not pretending to own a supercomputer company (which he did actually pretend to do), it’ll be something else. Reply share report
1	cryptocached	10	It's hilarious. Guy who claims he's Satoshi and can't prove it, now losing his shit on Twitter. This incorrectly implies Wright ever had his shit together. Reply share report
1	markblundeberg	5	his need to constantly post Is this what they mean by "proof of social media"? Reply share report
1	discoltk	3	I think he's intentionally ratcheting up his insanity to ensure there's a chainsplit. Its all become entirely us vs Craig, and anyone who even suggests that what we should do is not fork or split coins is cast as supporting SV. The 3rd option that continues to be ignored is that we can choose to do nothing right now, and work harder to gain a more durable consensus. Neither pro-SV nor pro-ABC factions want to talk about this. Reply share report
2	benjamindees	3	Honestly I'm still kind of confused about how he became against blockchain gambling. Isn't he the one sponsored by a gambling magnate? Reply share report
3	cm18	1	Because: reasons. More likely hidden reasons. When the facts don't match what is said, then you have to theorize what's really going on. Hence the term "conspiracy theory". Reply share report
1	OverlordQ	1	He has me blocked for using facts :( Reply share report
1	cm18	1	The illusion is shattered. Reply share report
1	addiscoin	-1	Feels like Trump. Reply share report
1	RulerZod	0	So like how Roger Verr has always done. Got it. Reply share report
2	uiuyiuyo	Redditor for less than 60 days -1	RV hilariously loses his shit too. I'm a BTCer anyway, so I don't have a dog in this fight. I mean, I guess I do hold BCH too since it split, be anyway... Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vewhx/bitmain_to_deploy_90000_antminer_s9_miners_for/
	30 Posted byu/increaseblocks 6 hours ago Bitmain to Deploy 90,000 Antminer S9 Miners for Bitcoin Cash Hard Fork (PRO ABC!!) news.8btc.com/bitmai... 16 Comments Share Save 81% Upvoted
1	addiscoin	6	Fork yeah! Reply share report
1	steve_m0	4	Is my math correct? 1.26 Exhash? Reply share report
2	xman5	3	I think yes: 14TH/s * 1000 = 14PH/s * 90 = 1260 PH/s or 1,26 EH/s Reply share report
3	steve_m0	3	If, IF that is true, I dont think SV has a chance Reply share report
4	xman5	8	Certainly more true than CSW being Satoshi. Reply share report
2	BTC_StKN	Redditor for less than 6 months 2	20-25% more Hash for Bitcoin Cash? Reply share report
1	masterD3v	1	I don't have much hashpower compared to institutions but I'll be doing my part to destroy this attack. Reply share report
1	PreviousClothing	Redditor for less than 60 days 1	They will swallow up a huge majority of the hashpower. Their ability to do this isn't a good thing... Reply share report
2	melllllll	1	It is if you are in line with their incentives ;) Reply share report
3	PreviousClothing	Redditor for less than 60 days 0	It’s not a blockchain if there is only one miner. Reply share report
4	melllllll	1	What are you afraid will happen? Even if they temporarily have majority hashrate and the ability to do 51% attacks, Bitmain is a massive holder so their incentive is to maintain the chain as sound money. Reply share report
5	PreviousClothing	Redditor for less than 60 days 0	I’m worried that investors will realize that BCH isn’t trustless or immutable because nothing is stopping Bitmain (or China) from flipping a switch and capturing the entire hashrate. This is impossible with bitcoin. Reply share report
6	xd1gital	1	nothing is stopping Bitmain (or China) from flipping a switch Yes, there is. It's called the incentive to make the most profit. Simply way to call it is running a business. If Bitmain destroys the reputation of BCH, its holding value will be also dropped. Reply share report
6	melllllll	1	Bitmain owns the same proportion of BTC hashrate as BCH hashrate. That they are incentivized to protect one and not incentivized to protect the other is a problem, but not for BCH investors ;) Reply share report
1	witu	0	Seems kind of like a big problem, doesn't it? Reply share report
2	masterD3v	1	BCH being protected from BCore trolls by exchanges, miners and businesses is a good thing. Welcome to Bitcoin. Reply share report


https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/9vgjn5/introducing_hashwarscash_visualize_the_bitcoin/
	24 Posted byu/foyle_jaunt 2 hours ago Introducing: Hashwars.cash – visualize the Bitcoin Hash Wars I've been a huge fan of Bitcoin for a while. I moved over to Bitcoin Cash when I began questioning my own beliefs and the loud majority, as people should. The excitement and drama around the Bitcoin Cash Hash Wars inspired me to create a visualizer to give people in the BCH community the ability to visualize the status of the Hash Wars. Given the name, it seemed obvious to give this some pop-culture treatment: hashwars.cash features: BCH node distribution BCH trading price Countdown to fork date BCHABC / USDC trading price (poloniex) BCHSV / USDC trading price (poloniex) I used Bitsockets (thanks /u/unwriter) to monitor the donation address – which of course displays something fun when it detects a donation. Cough cough "fastest hunk of junk" cough cough  bitcoincash:pp3p0mk8yukqju5cj7pn87z0mqt5mnaq8g86drdf9l  May the fork be with you!  PS: My money is on BCHABC :)  19 Comments Share Save 79% Upvoted
1	maff1989	4	Hahaha that music is awesome! Looks great man Reply share report
1	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 3	Pretty cool, I love the Star Wars theme!! Reply share report
2	maff1989	4	BSV is Vader and Co. LOL Reply share report
3	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 2	Makes sense! 😂😂 Reply share report
3	foyle_jaunt	2	ReplysharereportSaveGive gol Those guys call themselves the sith. https://twitter.com/shadders333/status/1051314650917347328 Reply share report
4	BitcoinXio	Moderator - Bitcoin is Freedom 3	Cringe! Reply share report
1	BCH-Withdrawal-Prob	3	Either it got hugged to death, or you forgot to launch the site Reply share report
2	maff1989	3	The server's SSL config is apparently broken.. SSL_ERROR_INTERNAL_ERROR_ALERT in Firefox Try without https Reply share report
3	foyle_jaunt	5	womp womp - edited link - will look into adding ssl if this gets love Reply share report
1	bUbUsHeD	3	love the flying ship on donate Reply share report
1	maff1989	2	Also, you need a border around your donate QR code to hold the close "X" button because it blocks the top-right block of the QR code.. it doesn't scan :/ Reply share report
